it's like old school Russian 3 - there's
something I like about the fact that you
could smoke in here yeah I like that
people can be relaxed yeah I had to find
a comedy club to shoot our special we're
deep in the underground
yeah the underground they let you smoke
Wow just like a rule where if you're a
performer you can get away because it's
a part of your routine but get like a
cabaret Oh like on them still on the
books don't take my word for that up I
believe I learned that from DICE while
he was on stage yeah I think you read
that in the dice Chapelle yeah well they
just can't get away with it right yeah
Dave's always smoking on stage no I I
don't smoke anymore but I'll tell you
one thing that that year in between like
we're now allowed to smoke on stage that
was a tough year because you used to
like smoking in the crowd smoke and you
know it was like I have a fun thing a
punch line enhancer - right and Dave's
you do smoke on stage not all the time
like towards the end of it baby not only
that but we're on the road and we do
like an hour and a half he'll pretend
he's getting a phone call or something
go smoke and leave me on stage by myself
really yeah but it gives you a chance to
like open up a long-form bit now you
hear that yo now you really hearing the
whole story behind the pumping Mike when
you behind the bumping Mike what do you
get out of smoking on stage it just
fulfills the nicotine fix or does it
actually give you something because they
say I've smoked smoked one of Tony
Hinchcliffe cigarettes a couple of times
before I went on stage huh and you get
like a pick-me-up there's a little
something you get like an enhancement
all right yeah I'll say right now it
definitely is a weakness that like you
know now I don't drink don't do anything
but like coffee and cigarettes it's like
yeah it's breathing for me but on stage
it does focus it helps focus you they
say it's legitimately they say new
nicotine is actually a good nootropic oh
is it yeah it actually enhances
cognitive function like if you do a test
without nicotine then do a test with
nicotine non-users yeah it makes me
nauseous if I accidentally
smoked a blunt and not just straight
weed or some really used tobacco like
snoop and to me something the other day
and I thought it was all pop but there
was tobacco and these things of the shit
what is once there's a deal was it on
the on the paper
Jamie where'd you get these where were
they that this company Hollywood's 14
other stores like these are the share
these these were my favorite check them
out it's Charlie Murphy got me into
these things back in the day because he
would roll him himself he would get
those swisher Sweets
and he would tear him apart and then he
put the weed inside of it and roll it up
oh yeah old school and then Chappelle
got me into it again because I smoked
one with him one day at the back of the
comedy storms like damn this is he's a
weird high yeah what it's like you get a
buzz it's like you're a little bit high
but you're also a little bit buzzy from
the from the tobacco well I like it my
fan whatever it takes to make the jokes
fly bro yeah whatever Sherm that when
they made your jacket and I'll take like
one hit a weed right before we go on and
we meet in the middle yeah one hits good
one hit before yeah not much okay yeah
have you've gone too much before no this
guy got in a long long long long time
yeah you feel like I'd like one more but
oh that's a dangerous dangerous decision
yeah you want to stay a little quick
coffee though I need coffee before yeah
Red Bull will make me to like jumpy and
nervous but coffee will get my brain
working just a little bit quicker than
the audience's did you guys do this one
time as a goof and then start touring
with it or did you just put the idea
together like how what made you decide
to work together like this you know it
all started out just late night at the
Comedy Cellar where you know I'd be
onstage and I would just see Jeff in the
room and I would bring him up and then
we would just you know like throw down
basically gonna have a great time and
you know we kept doing it and doing it
and people actually we you know like
they wanted to see it it became like
this kind of like are you guys gonna go
up together they would always ask us are
you guys going up together to get the
next mic go and you know
really when I started living in LA or
not even when I started but in the last
few years I'd come back to New York I
have an apartment in Greenwich Village
near the Comedy Cellar and you know it's
like cheers everyone knows your name
you'll and you're sort of going to my
empty apartment I'll go let's see who's
at the cellar get something to eat and
I'd start booking my flights where I'd
land around midnight Dave when it would
inevitably have the 1:00 a.m. spot and I
wouldn't I just wanted to get my Yaya's
out and he would just bring me up and
he'd sit by the piano and I would goof
off or I'd sit by the piano and he would
tell jokes and we sort of setting each
other up and organically our friend
started popping up with us or people
from the audience or whatever
bachelorette party and we just started
making an act out of it without even
realizing it yeah it was like it was a
lot of fun like in the beginning
especially because it was like you know
he really kept me on my toes like
listening is like the hardest thing
listening onstage you know right because
once you're up there alone locked in you
know like you control all like facets of
the performance but when there's another
person up there especially Jeff and I we
we have so many different skill sets so
like it was really cool to like work off
of him they brought up my game a bit it
definitely made me quicker and faster
and funnier to have to like you know
really pretty much roll with it you know
and I think that the crowd dug that too
it was like a different energy than just
straight-up like a showcase you know the
one thing that you would do on a podcast
so you wouldn't normally do on stage
which is look at someone else right and
it took me a long time and a million
arguments on looking at each other not
like sports if you look at somebody yeah
you're never gonna not catch that ball
but when you're wondering what the other
guys doing and you're kind of going like
this but when I it's like it's like what
we connect now and instead of doing like
in tandem one of the time jokes we do
jokes together that's all like that's a
weird thing we're like you said twins
we're twins we'll do an act and one guy
will do the setup and the other guys do
yeah and then they'd do a double punch
line together we're hoping for that one
day I feel like it's one plus one equals
three you know two headliners get
together by choice
necessity yeah yeah but then and then
Dave you know I it took a lot they did
not want to go to Montreal we went up to
the comedy festival and I basically
begged him yeah and do it together
yeah I saw it mostly it's just like a
fun thing to do you know on seller yeah
like it was just like a cool like you
know basically like just let it all hang
out but Jeff saw like I guess the next
step to it so I always just thought it
was something that if the comics wanted
to see it that bad and then more and
more comics wanted to come on stage with
us and then more and more like Jim
Carrey came to one of our shows in
Montreal and and and and all the
headliner sort of popping up with us and
I thought this is more than just us as a
hobby like this is something that no one
else is really doing yeah I got really
into it really quick and I tried to call
it pumping Mike's and Dave was like no
that's good for a title we don't have
any other structure to our show by the
way we don't rehearse he has a flip
phone I can't even talk to him before
the show we don't have any plan what's
it's very stressful job why do you have
a flip phone why I'm trying to stay off
the grid dude yeah you saw me with the
sword in front of the flag I'm ready to
go I'm ready I'm ready to be activated
no I'll tell you this is the best title
for it
Jeff is really a good producer and all
those different things all this skill
says I don't have like he's producer you
know showbizzy all those everything but
like I I was like we should have like
really like workshop some other names
like like to castel is looking for an
Abbott Nichols and may i other teams out
there I'm not gonna say there aren't but
the thing is that like we're not really
a team like we both have our separate
stuff but when we get together it's like
this kind of like almost like um you
know like within 48 hours we're a team
again you know it's always really
difficult but I think we rock out in
certain situations like I want to go
through with you because you've done
every venue now you've done outdoor
you've done theater you've done casino I
think we are one of the best casino acts
I'll say likewise I think we really are
I think at a casino we take it to the
level that
needs to be especially in a d-level
casino I'm talking like yeah exactly
they're hoping for like a you know like
one of those electric poker thing like
that kind of that's not woods
yeah well Fox when we do rock Fox was a
place the casinos cuz I guess no they
let them smoke as my people right that's
true about casinos right but it's also a
very bawdy audience and you can sing
anything you don't have to hold back at
all and you know Jeff was fearless I
have a filter up but he is fearless he
really is actually but Chang is that
place in Temecula right yeah that place
is actually nice what am I thinking of
I'm thinking of playing a5 what's the
fucking place on the five Rudy Moreno
you say oh the hustler because he
doesn't that would be great we just do a
that's our best one I love that which
one the another one it's an old steel
mill but now it's a casino and yeah Lee
I think it is Bethel and we always have
our best shows there so excited yeah man
Joe Barry yeah mmm those weird Road gigs
and the one we were gonna cancel but we
never can fold in like Utah or something
we did the Oklahoma right one Oklahoma
yeah Oklahoma run yeah why did I did one
casino one that I drove through like
this crazy storms in the next one
Oklahoma man you can drive as fast as
you want they don't care didn't even
have dry they didn't even have speed
limits isn't that cool
they just had to impose speed limits
within the last decade or two because of
the federal government they said look
we're not gonna fix your fucking roads
you tell people they can't go 150 miles
I love it you know burse says that
Oklahoma is fucking amazing yeah it was
fantastic yeah I want to play there for
sure but I was playing the casinos and
then I met Jeff at this one it's like
right on the border of Texas and you
know Seinfeld plays there Thacker bill
yeah
Seinfeld plays there it was like a rough
yeah but you know he's got it down to a
science man you know fly-in fly-out that
kind of thing you know we're at night
we're in bed up there night I guess if
you have a nice life in a nice house but
I like going and looking around
the local yeah places and yeah eating
the local fare I still kind of love that
well he's in that weird place to where I
don't think he can go places yeah that's
very he's walking Street you like holy
shit it's my help
yeah yeah it's got to be weird Joe
that's what we do after the show cause
we're both a little older now we we
really eat that's what we do we really
like to enjoy it
what's your luck do you like steaks and
stuff yeah oh dude you should hang with
us because we hear Cal steaks counts
takes two eats like well that wolf steak
and shit like Game of Thrones ladies
having kids they're an elk breakfast
they really do I need to set up a
kitchen here and cook for you guys
Oh that'll be great fucking fantastic
kids eat your ochio's for breakfast if
you ate it you'd want to get it more
really yeah
what does it taste like an in the meat
scale like uh a bison like a little bit
more unusual yeah better than venison
how do you cook it like deer venison
slowly on a pellet grill and then i sear
it on the outside of the end Wow yeah so
your Thanksgiving must be out of control
huh
well this year no we just did the normal
turkey thing out of Turkey and a deep
puffs but he caught it with his own
hands
that's Jerell roof of the studio we did
the peanut oil thing when you deep-fried
and peanut oil makes it better yeah but
it's like it's a scam how did you learn
to do all this things like every time I
meet you have like two other skills like
how do you do this stuff you're pretty
busy I need things to occupy my brain I
just have one of those brains the only
way I'm at peace is if I have a bunch of
difficult shit that I do all the time
nicely challenging myself I have to
that's how my brain works you know
everybody has their own weird kink my
kink is I need to be exhausted I guess
for your brain itself it needs to be fed
my brains needs shit to do it needs
things to concentrate on if I don't have
things that concentrate are things that
are really difficult I start playing
tricks on myself
I mean mental or physical both both
mental and physical yeah I guess I have
to have both how do you handle the time
management
with family and career get up early and
get up early so it's morning I was up at
6:30 kids go to school there they're
leaving the house by 7:00 I take the dog
running I'm gone for two hours and then
I come back get a bunch of shit done
with the house then come over here Wow
then you know hang out with you guys for
a few hours then I'm gonna lift then I'm
gonna go to the store and do a couple
sets have a good time that's what you're
doing like a 16-hour day there right
well yeah but the thing is like the way
it works really good with me with
families that most of stuff I'm doing
either while my kids are at school or
while my kids are asleep so by the time
I leave I have a ten o'clock spot of the
store dairy asleep right they go to bed
at like 8:30 however they know the
youngest ones are eight and ten okay
yeah so it's there it's a they go to bed
you know they get up at like 6:30 they
go to bed at like 8:30 mmm you know so
that's perfect time for me yeah you got
your own and when's the last time you
just quit something in the middle I was
like fuck it I can't figure this out
like what a bit routine sometimes bits
you just got abandon them and come back
to them in a couple of weeks or a couple
months or a couple of years sometimes
yeah everybody has that one like great
beginning of a bit and they're like
where does this go and then you just
keep throwing it out throwing it out
throwing it out that's the cool thing
with Jeff is that like no we both bring
material up onstage but at the end of
the day it's the stuff that just comes
to us like that you know in the moment
stuff especially with the audience
that's the stuff that I really think you
know we should give a shout out to
Andrew the director capturing all that
Jeff's friend who is now Ricky one of
the best directors out there man he
really he really you know once again it
was Jeff's choice and he did the job and
then some I mean it's so good the way he
put it all together you know and you
guys have it's more than just you guys
going onstage there's a bunch of other
stuff happening there's a bunch of
people who drop by three three episode
series oh really
docu-series so I don't know if you saw
the jinx on HBO about Robert Durst
though no it was a phenomenal
documentary on her
my buddy Andrew Jarecki directed that he
also directed capturing the Friedman's
years ago as an oscar-nominated doctor
what was that about that was about a
family of convicted actually child
molester math science teachers in Long
Island Oh members uh based on a short
that he did about a party clown whose
family wind up being implicated in this
crazy controversy oh that's right that's
right thought that was him huh yeah Wow
and I Andrew and I are tight and Dave
and I were sort of going back and forth
on who could sort of direct us who would
know our moves but yet had the
experience and doesn't like anybody
that's too hip I just I like it straight
ahead and I and I also think some of
these comedy specials are over directed
so I didn't want to fall into this whole
like you know instead of like lighting
the stage you guys hold lanterns you
know you know you Swamp lanterns and
then you know like that kind of thing
like you know that'll be the essence of
the humor that could happen - yeah
exactly so but he really he really was
cool he really was patient and he really
like brought a lot of things outside of
I know my wheelhouse you know it's a
collaboration which is another thing
you're not used to doing when you do
your own special like you know you're
like hey I want to do it this way I've
been doing it this way and I want it
that way but when you have other voices
in the room and you know other ideas
then you know you gotta like pretty much
measure it together into something that
you know pretty much I guess captures
the spirit of it and also like hopefully
the funny of it you know well if you got
that guy as you direct I mean that's
fucking incredible it looks cool and he
also understood our personalities and
our friendship you know I've been
chasing Dave my whole career I always I
was an open mic or I would go watch Dave
or you know I always thought like if no
one's gonna make it in our crew until
Dave makes it Dave was always the one
that everybody even when Ray Romano was
popping on TV he would go down to watch
Dave Attell you know riff and you know
my first TV spot was a 7 hour train ride
with Dave to like Canada you know when
we were really young and I've heard
three versions of this story Joe what's
the first version no it's like it's like
Canada or Syracuse I think
now it was can it was it was a Hamilton
Canada whatever we took a train from you
anyway I'm just saying Hamilton it's
called isn't that an Ontario I guess so
yeah
but I'm just saying I've been date Davis
my favorite comic yeah I didn't know
that until we really started working
together I consider contemporary you
know weird you out he's like you're his
favorite comic uh a little bit you know
be honest yeah but no I I see I see Jeff
is like beyond unique like there's
nobody like him and what he does and
what he is able to do is really it's
really it's not only fun to watch but
it's really like you know you're a
self-starter he's a self-starter like
it's great to see self-starters who find
success because it really is difficult
to like take something and like make it
not only financially successful but also
like something that that we all respect
and love you know and that's you know
I'd say the roasting thing that Jeff
really pretty much has rebranded into
like you know every every possible way
you can do it is always good because
he's behind it you know when it's not
when it's not really with him then
you're like I'm not so sure there's
other people who really good at it too
but I'm just saying that like you know
that is when you know we're on the road
and people will scream out the car door
it's the roastmaster I mean like you
know I had my insomniac time but he like
2030 times that in terms of like
recognition I mean it's just amazing it
is where the year they're synonymous
with roasts yeah you know I mean like
people say roasts they think Jeff Ross I
earned it because wouldn't people
laughed at me and thought oh that's a
dead art it's a lost art it's antiquated
in horny it's old guys I stuck by it and
said no it's alternative comedy no one's
doing it I get to I get to hang with
legends like Buddy Hackett and Milton
Berle you know and I stuck to it because
and there was a lot there was a there
was a time when I was like embarrassed
like oh I'm gonna be pigeonholed as the
roast guy were you embarrassed not him I
don't embarrass is the right word but
uncomfortable yeah because you're like
well I want to be more than that when
was this round this was probably 10
years ago and I was in Vegas Chapelle
again words of wisdom he's like
dude that's your lane make that a
five-lane highway and ride it and that's
kind of what we started what I started
doing sort of really owning it and
loving it and to the credit of the world
as we became more pussies in the world
like roasting became more and more
potent and important yeah and the world
needs to develop thick skin and I think
roasting honors people and it's done
with love but it also kind of toughen
this up a little bit well I think it's
of the time when I came back to the
comedy store first thing I came back to
watch was roast battle yeah and I hadn't
really know I had heard but I didn't
really know where it was right and they
remember that night I remember that
night really well because I remember
thinking holy shit this is so mean you
guys go deep but really good we were at
the other Club The Improv sure that's
that's kinda backhoe though I'll take a
little bit elite belief I can deal right
deal with it how about is nobody inside
it's my company gonna crumble because of
this am I gonna get audited by NASA it
pumped him up he went down but then he
went back up Tesla went down and then it
went out really went down six percent
then it went up nine the studio still
smells a little musky but that night
when I walked in there I remember
thinking this is a joke writing thing
this isn't just as simple as the art of
the info yeah it's but it's it's it's
joke writing and one of the things I
loved about roast battle is how Moses
makes everybody hug right at the end of
it it's it's very cool well I started
judging it and people were pushing each
other and screaming at each other and I
wrote the rules of roast battle original
material only no physical contact yeah
that's scary and every battle ends with
a hug
I've seen that with them rapid also guys
punch each other in the face rap out
also like the way more mean version of
roast battle yeah those fucking guys
I've seen some just horrible horrible
shit people say to each other and Moses
like he owns that that that that circus
yeah you got to admire the fact that he
can week
after week make that work you know one
of the reason why works he's so likable
like Brian is such a nice guy the best
he's he's such a good good hearted sweet
person we were at the improv that night
you hadn't been at the comic store in
years and years and years and years and
I don't know all the details and it
never really was part of it and part of
my and you were asking me about Rose
Bell or somebody started asking me about
it in front of you and I saw you getting
curious and you get more curious and you
were maybe a little homesick for the
Comedy Store who knows and I said come
on let's go jump on my car you're like
I'll meet you there
and you sat up on the balcony where the
judges sit and you hadn't been in the
belly room in five years maybe who knows
and Evon seven years and you're sitting
there and Moses does a double take and
he's too afraid he doesn't know what to
do he doesn't really know you you
haven't been back there you haven't been
in the store and finally I say Comedy
Store legend back after a long time say
hi to Joe wrote real low-key intro and
I've been in that room a lot for roast
battle I never heard anything like this
reverberate it like I thought we were
gonna fall into the main room and it was
it that was it you beat him back every
day since well I had to go back to
because Ari was filming his Comedy
Central special that's why I had to go
to Rose bow there's no way I was gonna
miss a special I was like I have to go
there and I want to go there the night
of his special let me just go there a
day early yes I want there day early and
you you end up judging Rose bottle on
Comedy Central and doing all that you
you're part of our your royalty over
there I said Earl Skakel came out
shirtless with the fucking gold chain
this day that was one of the greatest
entrances I've ever seen anybody take on
stage and he fucking murdered he was on
fire fire it's like the art of the
insult you might not be the strongest
headlining act but if you can put five
jokes together you can take somebody
down but here's the question why is it
that so many people excel at that like
especially young comics but they can't
seem to figure out a way to generate
that kind of energy during a regular set
different I think they don't get stage
time I think that's really what it is
there's a lot of that sure that this is
their moment so they throw all in but
can I say as an outsider since I never
was really a West Coast you know comic
like you guys is that the comedy store
from back in the day to before the roast
battling - to the roast batter like an
amazing difference I remember walking in
there and it was like it's like a
haunted house you know you're like where
is everybody what's going on Sam Kinison
played here you know and then like you
know you go on stage and it was like you
know 12 tourists in the room and then a
bunch of comics in the back and then
after the roast part I like the energy
you could just see it just went pow
like through the roof of just like it
was the place to hang and like you know
became like when you're in town you want
to go by the store and just check it out
and like go on stage and you know the
crowds there became way better and I
think that you were part of that of like
really help re-energizing that Club %
that's what I felt
doesn't felt when I went back was like
this is a different place even lil rel
Howery said there's no other comedy
competition where other comics come to
watch yeah true harvest and cheer on
their friends or kind of roll their eyes
at the ones that they don't want to win
and there's a fraternity there I feel
like comedians and I feel like we're a
cult in a weird way sometimes I feel
like I'm a comedian before I'm even an
American like I meet comedians from all
over the world and I feel like I know
them my whole life
yeah and roast battle is now
international yeah so that's a great
story it really is a movement like that
where it was sort of a corny thing that
nobody really understood the roasting I
couldn't even try out roast jokes when I
first started it was like so mean if I
would stand there with a piece of paper
and read 10 William Shatner jokes so me
you were doing that one night at The
Improv I'm trying to remember who you
were practicing you the same people that
would be at the roast it would be dying
right it's hard to put yourself in that
roast mindset like when you go to see
the roast mindset it's like going to see
a fight yeah see if you want to see a
fight and you knew you're gonna go see a
fight you could handle the fact that
fight was going on
if you just show up at the movies and
two people start head kicking each other
we can agree to her if except if we just
know it's gonna take place in advance
I guess there's part of that and it is a
sport roasting has hundreds is a sport
it's definitely a game because their
strategy involved it's not just jokes
there's like you're trying to disarm
someone's material towards you maybe
like sometimes guys will go at
themselves first right and then go out
their opponent like in the same joke I
think they're already sort of there it's
very smart people are being clever with
because they've been doing it for a few
years now so you've seen people bomb
they've seen people murder other
strategies like any other sport yeah and
you punch back and you have your you
have your retort ready yeah and you know
there's all kinds of other little things
like you know maybe don't mention the
obvious thing till the end and then
you're gonna bawl sure yeah yeah I don't
want to give too many secrets away but
better roast battles battlers will study
the game tape if you will and figure all
this stuff out and you know five jokes I
mean yeah it's not easy no it's not easy
if you trip or stumble can you recover
tawny hints clips the goddamn assassin
at that shit yeah left that motherfucker
he's an assassin at roasts he's got an
evil little black spot in his heart jobs
are vicious and clean tight but I do off
the top of our head I mean if you can do
that also
yep but Tony takes it seriously and it's
like like I say the it's an art yes
that's also the skill of joke writing
which is like in today's world of more
storytelling and all that kind of stuff
that it's it's it's few and far between
where you actually see like someone who
could put together a couple of jokes in
a row and you're like wow that was a
great run you know like everybody has
one good joke and then like you know
maybe a couple of tags but I'd like to
actually have a great run you know
that's the thing that always excites me
about comedy and when I'll tell you like
when work
together he'll go what new stuff do you
have and like we'll just throw it up
there and like I'll try and um you know
basically work it out on stage because I
know it's not like one of my own bits
like a form bit yet it's like something
that I can work with him and that's fun
too that also like opens your mind to a
whole other world of like joke writing
you know sure especially you're doing it
right next to another comic yeah we
started we've remains difficult we
always start by talking about each other
Dave looks like an umpire during a rain
delay I'm actually wearing the same
stuff right now
Jeff mixes it up a bit this easier for
me makes a statement flip phone what is
it what is it I know how to delete a
hard drive I do I do creep it up why do
you still didn't answer about the flip
phone why do you have a flip phone well
I like the flip phone II like you don't
get distracted with the web because it
takes forever to get rid of on there but
it's just I don't know I don't really
like technology I don't like the web I
feel like you know there's something
about the virtual experience and the
live experience that like we're really
in that world now of like coming to see
someone live is getting harder and
harder but like they'll know all your
clips on on YouTube you know so I don't
know I don't you think more people are
going to see people live than ever
before well Joe not me if there's any
reason for that at all it's definitely
not your your act because it's gotta be
content brilliant no it's it's your lack
of connection with the internet yeah if
you were connected more with the
internet more people would be going to
see you I'm not a good promoter I don't
believe that I hundred percent believe
that cuz you're your it's hard to talk
complimentary without someone there
right in front of you you're you're
brilliant as a joke writer you one of
the most prolific I know the most clever
that I know but you're also the you have
less ego than anyone I've ever met in my
life you're like some weird fucking
Tibetan monk dude that's been sitting up
in some cave somewhere I mean you're one
of the best comics ever in my opinion
wow you you're so you're so low-key it
freaks people out sometimes I I'm all
about the I really love to hang like he
was saying like the the
the comics like I was hanging and like
coming from you to do that's like extra
special save I don't even like to get
recognized I hate it I don't like any of
that stuff
why I think I've did I think there's a
correlation you're it's my own self a
more bandwidth for what you're doing
your stand-up I know you're looking at
this it's a good mixture because like
you've obviously you've obviously been
really successful with like staying in
this groove particularly after you
stopped drinking and everything - yeah
yeah you're you're in this tight groove
present that's what that's what I can
say but you're said at the improv that I
saw was about like six months we were at
the improv together something like that
yeah yeah damn that was funny shit
but naughty fun you know it's funny like
when you talk about that like I love
there's no harder fan now than your fans
I mean like they know comedy they know a
lot of things and they totally respect
the art form and like the craft of it
and that's thanks to you and you're out
there doing it it's not like you know
it's like back in the day I was a comic
you're out there every night doing it
you go on the road so it's like you're
talking from now now from like the past
and you get it how like I feel like the
web the web stuff helps and hurts comedy
to some degree but it probably helps
more than I'm giving it credit because
it really is in connect to people it
really did connect with more people you
know I think it helps or hurts I think
there's always been shit comedy and
there's always general that are doing
really well there's always been
inspiring people and there's always been
thieves there's always been all the
sheriff the bad things that exist now
look what now it is it's like they're
way more people can find you and those
people it does translate into clubs
right and seats it did they do want to
come out and the thing about the show
the reason why this works is because we
can all talk about it in a way that the
a person who doesn't do it can still
understand it true I think oh there's
these guys like this is what you know
you could be into whatever the fuck it
is rebuilding muscle cars playing chess
whatever the fuck it is that you're into
when people get really into something
there's a very similar thing that
happens will you get together with other
people that are also really into it and
really good at it and you go how do you
are you I'm always asking like do you
write it out right like what do you did
you just work at
out on stage D how much time do you
spend alone with the bit and how much
time do you spend how much do you just
because a lot of guys don't like to do
anything outside of write little tiny
bullet points and then let it all
express itself naturally on stage some
of the best guys ever write so it's hard
to say what's right or what's wrong is
there's a lot of work to comedy that
people don't get which is the writing
but it's also the listening to yourself
like taping and listening that's the
thing I have been doing I have not been
doing lately we worked on this thing I'm
working on other stuff and it's like
that is the thing where when I go back
and go like you know when I was really
hardcore into the into like you know
material turning an hour that was the
thing where it's like you always have to
like like you told me you have that tank
mm-hmm that's where like going there
with your axe like especially like a
hard shell on a Friday like Late Show
and like listen to it that to me is like
a form of torture to hear like all the
bits that don't work late chilly on
Friday right I disagree he's very
optimistic I'm very pessimistic he
really is like super optimist I love
Friday Late shows I like the active
audience it fuels me I feel like a lion
tamer up there and when Davis beside me
I'm indestructible it's probably a
really good show for people that don't
want to be quiet - yeah they want to
yell out yeah get rowdy we've dragged
people onstage we go into the crowd we
do all all those different things that
like you know I'll say it I'll say
there's a lot of things that we do are
like old school comedy in terms like old
school hockey like it's just no longer
done it's like you could say it's it
might be a little cheesy a little this a
little that but at the end of the day
it's it's just inappropriate fun silly
like move to the next bit like yeah
remember we were looking in the Edit and
I go hey I got to tell you there's like
a hundred punchlines in this thing so
even if like you know the law of
averages like you know turtles swimming
into the ocean if only like seven or
great that's still a lot for it for a
Netflix special I mean honestly by the
way I'm not I'm not patting ourselves on
the back but I have that's pretty good
our show is the episodes for three
episodes it's Friday well the first ones
called Friday they're Saturday and
Sunday there's three nights oh wow and I
love that Friday crowd we had like Nikki
Glaser Amy Schumer Rachel Feinstein
Michelle wolf you talk
all the people that showed because we
really like Jeff called in these like
amazing Gilbert was hilarious
Gilbert was he completed us talk about
like he was the third piece of this like
ancient like scroll like once we find
that I was like where has he been
Gilbert is the thing because like yeah
that is the best one Phil it's a savage
yeah I mean he's what do you think of
Gil were like if okay like your kids are
whatever now I'm trying to think of like
if you were like 16 years old what would
you think of gilt like he's so out of
there like like wheelhouse in terms of
like what is that I mean I think he's
classic I think he's like nobody liked
him I think I probably thought he was
really funny when I was 16 but when I
was 16 I was really getting in the
stand-up yeah oh no my parents took me
to see live in the Sunset Strip when I
was 14 I guess it was when I first
discovered Gilbert he was like on the
MTV Awards
imitating dice so to me he was like not
Bureau comic he was the guy that made
fun of the hero cry he had you know he
was he was always like people would talk
about him in interviews it was always
like revered by other comedians you know
he's a guy that's always been like he's
a wild man like a legit wild man he
murdered like he's man ago we got a
standing out so like we have like
friends from our life in the audience my
aunt and his family and Mike Bruce
Willis is there and he does a bit with
us but I had up my friend Craig Moss
from high schools in the audience with
his wife and kids and Dave like starts
to walking around the village
underground looking for my guest list
Craig Moss where's Craig Moss so finally
like they start goofin on this guy it's
just in the audience so that was a long
walk in and go and I and I go pin and go
you know Craig when my parents died
Craig was my best friend in a new town
he was you know so I'm explaining to the
audience and Dave who this guy is and
how much he did for me as a young man
and and then Gilbert jumps up out of the
audience and just screams doesn't even
need a microphone he's like when my
parents were alive Craig came over and
killed them
and it says perfect timing he never he
does yeah he's just his deliveries and
no filter not with him and that's the
beauty of him like you know I'm always
like I don't know what how they're gonna
take he's like boom that's it kid I
think gonna say it even I'm gonna say
three times you know yeah the kids who
love comedy would love him you know it
was 16 I mean I I I would listen to
everything I always liked a mix of like
different types of comics like that
episode Bob Saget and Hasan Minhaj or
the other guests that's right at one
point we're all up there together and
you would these are guys who might not
even know each other in real life but
the comedy kind of brings it together
hmm that's awesome it's like a party
mixed with a roast mix with a I don't
even know Dave no it's really cool
because Jeff's family like wherever we
would go on the road just family you
know be like can I get your comps cuz I
you know I've got like three third
cousins here I didn't know there were
Jews in Oklahoma but evidently they were
you know five distinct you know 23andme
people out there for me and I was like
it's funny to see cuz I'm really a lone
wolf like I'm on the road alone you know
I go out there I do my thing and Jeff
really does like he's very inclusive
with his family so I give him a lot of
credit for that like you know they're
all invited you know come hang out in
the green room and all that kind of
stuff so that that's cool and he brought
that onstage like with your aunt I said
that was like one of the best moments of
the whole show you know we bring up my
aunt as the first episode is is my aunt
Bruce Willis Michelle wolf Amy Schumer
Nikki Glaser Rachael fine so it's like a
weird mix of but you know what for all
four just to say one more thing about
Dave and the flip phone and like how the
process works Dave is also the most like
you say present but also informed like
he knows all the references he knows
what's going on in the world so he's not
like he's living in a caveman under the
under my eye out there so what do you do
do you read newspapers I have a raven
sent me because important news from
Westeros ya know I even buy
he's in the back reading and like really
like getting in touch with the world and
the audience and he's the first one to
say oh we're in Vegas let's talk about
this that's going on Vegas let's talk
about that that's gonna movin you know
he'll say it on stage to me like he'll
bring up all this relevant stuff we're
like I'm the son of a caterer I'm more
about this live experience who's in the
audience who's here I like keeping it to
like that's that show and I think you
agree with it it's like you'll agree
with the two it's like each show is its
own thing right so it's like you know
the fact that it's always like some guy
taping in the back you're like dude why
are you doing that because this is your
experience right now you know you know
like stanhope who is my favorite comic
Doug Stanhope is like he was the first
guy that that like we both talked about
like this whole thing of like why do
people think that like you know
capturing this show is like important
and like you know they're also
disposable it's like beautiful like
fireworks you know it's like it's never
gonna it's never gonna happen again like
that you know so you might as well just
like soak it all in instead of trying to
capture it and III think when when we
talk about like topical stuff I do that
for like as a joke rocketing thing but
also as a like keeping the act alive cuz
I feel like my job in this team is to
push it forward like you know it's like
okay Jeff what else is happening like to
keep moving it otherwise we can we can
always get into a loop of like you know
just putting each other down or like
working the crowd so I like to move it
forward and I think that the the cool
thing about that is that like it does it
does move forward to an end you know
people are making those videos they're
not making those videos to look back on
them they're making those videos so that
other people could see it right that's
the difference between today in the past
are you for that are you or against it
yeah I come not I'm neither I think your
your personal experience is going to be
better if you just watch it okay but I'm
not you you maybe you just get more of a
jolly off of filming a clip and putting
that clip on Facebook and then getting a
million downloads yeah I just know that
like when I go to a place and I'm
working on new material I want it to be
figured out and then then put it on the
way I want it but I totally understand
what you're saying which is like you
know the you know like it's a it's an
open it's an open world now and it's
just like the idea of controlling is
like like an antiquated idea but I think
that you know for me at least as the
joke writer
like I just wanted to where it's where
it's gonna be yeah get it out understand
I completely agree I think we if we
established an etiquette you know and
most comedy clubs say you can't film
yeah there's a reason yeah that's
precious well I don't know what like I
have a bit right now that I'm working on
going done it twice and it's all over
the fucking place and if I somehow or
another released it like I'm I had to do
a Netflix special tomorrow and it has to
do that bit I'd be fucked I'm like what
is this
this malformed gelatinous butt
preposterous yeah you're working on a
joke yeah but sick I know for a fact
that six months from now there's fruit
in this I know the subject is there's
something to it yeah all right to figure
out what that something is and it's
gonna take a while and it's gonna be a
lot of missteps yeah there's just no way
around it and the only way for us to do
this it's like if you are a musician I'm
sure it feels awesome to practice in
front of a crowd but you can practice at
home like you can actually get the band
together and play the whole song we
can't do that I'm glad you brought that
up because people always bring music as
like you know it's kind of like music
I'm like it's kind of not like music the
audience it's not like music at all if
anything I I really you know talk about
like cell-fate for a long time I'm like
how come like my bits don't rock like
within six months and I'm like you know
that then I started like like directors
and writers and whenever said everybody
has first drafts
everybody has it and like the best
people have multiple drafts and it's the
same thing with a joke where it's like
it'll work and then it won't work and
then you'll change a line and then it'll
work better and then won't and you're
feeling it out you're feeling out the
bit you and your head or filling in the
holes that you only can see because it's
you're the creator and I love that
process but it also is terrifying you
know it really is like where is it gonna
go but basically saying okay that's
finished now cuz it got like a little
laugh you're like I'm not satisfied
there's something more - yeah so you
have a you have a real issue with this
because they will get a joke you know
yes sure he's the creator and he knows
where they'll hand the destroyer ELR go
ahead
watching the process we're like he's
right on tour and doing like you know a
week of shows I know we know each
other's moves and we'll see how it
develops he'll finally get a joke not
where it's killing where it's like a
show stopper
mmm like killing like what do we do now
yeah well I run around a circle like the
jokes hitting so hard that we have to do
something while they're laughing you
know take a sip for some right we're
just like roll around on the floor and
I'll destroy it and then I'll go Dave
what's your workout room like I'll give
him a softball layup to go like this
joke and he'll they look at me like I'm
speaking another language because I'm
already just be like in his eyes fuck
you John repeating myself night - yeah
and he'll deconstruct and completely
rearrange the same joke I will I will
turn that funny into like a boring couch
Oh hear that joke into a snoozefest
isn't that also the mindset that keeps
you present well yeah in the bit yeah
Tim present it keeps me angry yeah yeah
it's like I really am letting down the
team there you know it's like feed me
feed me and I'm like yeah but I think
that's the cool of it I also like have a
problem with if a joke works
continuously somewhere I'm like there's
something wrong with that attack dude
you know I think of the jokes as
children I gave up a lot of my you know
my firstborn there yeah the ugly ones my
pharmacist joke my hummus joke it's
because it's so important mine said to
be a great club comic right cuz yeah
show has to be its own thing hmm
you know that's that keeps you like Ryan
restart for every show you've nothing
worse there's nothing worse than seeing
somebody go over and over and over there
same thing every year you see them it's
terrible that's sad
well cuz it could be so much better
that's what you like as a person who's a
comic you understand what they're doing
they just don't want to take any chances
but as a person who's you know also you
know how good it feels to write
something new and eventually get it to
the point where you could say it Gilbert
Gilbert live is hilarious right so like
for years like he's gotten out of it now
but for years he wouldn't update his
material and I took him my sister and my
brother-in-law and John Stamos we all
went to see him at Caroline's one night
I think Gilbert's up there this is like
three years ago
doing like Calista Flockhart to skinny
not even update and we're just dying and
by the way like Stamos is criticizing
him he's like whispering in my ear I
heard that five two years ago I heard
that ten years ago you're on Broadway
doing Chicago what are you talking about
30 or 40 50 year old play talked about
but so I defended Gilbert but I did like
I did talk to Gilbert and Dara and like
like Gilbert you're too funny to not
evolve like your first hitting your
prime is a comedian now to his credit
he's like on another level he's just
that's great though that you inspired
him to start running again I embarrassed
him to start writing again that's fuckin
great but he when he's with us like when
that thing I said to Jeff I go if we
ever tour again we have to bring him on
some of these gigs because he really
does like he was the third element of
this this whatever chemistry of the
thing that really did for me at least I
always knew that like if it wasn't going
anything with with me and Jeff and
that's the truth of it too and people
will see that in the show that this you
know there's a couple of bits that go
nowhere but we left them in to show
people that it's real and all that kind
of stuff but you norm
do you guys do anything with norm I wish
we could do something with norm he's got
a thing on Netflix yeah but he was in
the in LA we were in New York and I
another dude he's so goddamn he's good I
wish you would stand up I'm not saying
we will but if we ever do this again
this lumping Mike's day we should get
norm did you see his tweets is
Thanksgiving tweets no no once again on
my flip phone about friends i retweeted
it he's is so ridiculous man what
there's some about norms just like his
ability to uh you know I have this thing
about timing I don't know what you think
about it but it was like there's
something about that timing that like
you know I know in today's world that
like you know people don't care about
that it's more about like identity and
also but like norm is a master of timing
he really is like a master of like
timing and this whole thing that he's
trying to do he was finding these
classic jokes I love that
no he's genius he's
he's one of there's no one Road gig ever
was opening for norm really yeah
father's Road gig ever 1991 maybe I'm a
catch Princeton somehow I talked my way
into an emcee spot and rich Voss was the
middle and norm was that I love rare
normally normally famous for doing a few
late night shows whatever wasn't
Letterman at the time what was the other
one was it Thicke of the night or
something or Bob Costas no it was
remembering later with Bob Costas it
wasn't as cool as that even Bill Boggs
it was so I'm gonna give ya some show
you remembered a few minutes and you go
oh yeah like syndicated whatever it was
but but like and I meet norm and he's
catch Princeton when he doing out for do
45 minutes every show he either
destroyed or he got zero laughs for 40
minutes and whenever he got zero laughs
he would stand by the door and say
goodbye to people as they left that's
great if he killed he would go back up
to the room with loss and they would
play poker and then and then while we
were there lost he got booked on
Letterman for the first time and I had a
jeep my sister bought me a Jeep with the
money she got from a car accident I
drove and I drilled the alarm hydrant
the best I Robin and I drove I drove
norm to his Letterman taping his first
Letterman that's incredible his cool I
learned a lot that week what a great guy
to have is you're the first guy open for
him it was so funny
that's amazing Todd Barry was so
obsessed with normies came out and slept
on my bed the first guy ever opened for
was a guy named Warren MacDonald was
really funny like old school veteran
Boston comic but the second guy opened
for was Lenny Clarke yeah and Lenny
Clark gave me advice that was totally
contrary to his brothers advice Clark
yeah the best nicest guy I love Mike he
was in he's he's fucking awesome
Mike book me back when nobody would book
me when I was just starting out
but he when I opened for Lenny goes he
goes kid you're funny but you're too
fucking dirty he says yeah you just told
me like like a certain yeah it just it
was like you should gotta clean your act
up and then Lenny Clarke came offstage
it goes whatever you do don't clean your
act up he gave me great advice that's
strong
yeah I love those two guys they're so
Boston too when I was going to be using
to the core and when I when I was
preparing that I did a a roast of the
Boston cops and Mike really helped me
like warm up got me a bunch of local
gigs and the Boston flavor
oh Beautiful for the Irish people the
Italian people it's a good place to do
comedy man that is definitely of the two
towns I'm thinking right now Boston and
Philly are the two towns that have
changed dramatically comedic ly and also
just in terms of like like when you walk
around in Boston now you're not like hey
I'm gonna get jumped you know cuz I'm
wearing a Yankee you know if anything
it's like you know everybody here is so
like Metro and you know someone's gonna
invite me to like a poetry reading and I
had a wine you know bar or something
like that
it's very metro and the comedy there was
still good but it's funny that old
Boston was such a challenge it really
was like especially Outsiders what year
did you start going going like in uh in
their 90's you know and I every time I
threatened them
yeah they really were they were they
were battles every time and they had
local headliners that could destroy the
greatest comics ever offstage it was it
was definitely one of those things you
were terrified what you would hear just
like hey you know what Gianna I know
what to tell you but um Gavin might come
down like okay he just wants to do a few
minutes yeah they would go on stage just
to fuck with you yeah absolutely yeah
for people start now but comics were
mean but that was their town and they
and they and they saw you coming into
their town and they were like you know
you better you better prove it you know
it's like before step up a revolution
yet own it never hold grudges on
know why I never people who were douchey
to me in the beginning I'm like I wasn't
ready for your respect I'll learn it
eventually and that's gorgeous that's a
great attitude Buddy Hackett said that
to me once he said when you're holding a
grudge the other guy's out-dancing well
that's a great piece of energy you know
it was a horrible habit going on back
then was a famine mentality and I don't
think we have that anymore I think that
famine mentality is gone because now
everybody realizes that with the
internet there's there's literally an
unlimited amount of viewers sure and
people that could come to your gigs like
and it's way more beneficial for them to
know that like what you if you're
talking about someone that's really good
for them to know you have good taste
like if dave says all you got to see
Jeff Ross is fucking hilarious comedian
and I go why I love Dave so he must be
right right you know I'm saying that's
the podcast world this is this is the
not having a famine mentality that's
that's the thing that fucked us back in
the early days like in Boston it was
before my time because when I came along
they'd already started bit like Stephen
Wright had been on on was he on
Letterman and then you know like Jay
Leno had already taken off and he was on
Letterman all the time those guys had
already like broken through to TV but
there was a sense that some of them had
that like where's mine like how come I
do absolutely yeah any amount of slots
it's not like Stephen Wright couldn't go
on Letterman and say hey you think I'm
funny you got to see this guy Lenny
Clark or you got to see this guy Don
Gavin or you got to see Steve Sweeney
all these murderers that he came up with
and they were all like where's mine
like what the fuck you just like in my
head spots of too few spots well but
also like we're of the generation and
not not to make this like a whole like
you know trip to the Museum of comedy
but we're of the generation we actually
saw people who crush a room like crush
room like today I was like oh you killed
it you crushed it but like seeing
Richard Jeni at his height yeah like
caroline's or something like that crush
that room people leaving exhausted where
it's like two hours in you're like oh he
hasn't even had his this thing yet
and he's like he'll get off the stage
he's like ah what did you think of that
tag I'm like which I'm like - do you
like throw out like a million jokes up
there I would watch that I'd be like oh
my god that's that's like terrifying to
see it was like watching a wave come at
you and it was like what people consider
now killing a room or crushing a room
like I I never got to see Sam Kinison or
any of those people alive but I assume
that was the same thing of where people
could not breathe they leave the room
like just going like oh man I'm just
exhausted
I got to see Kinison but I didn't get to
see him until after he'd released his
HBO special and after he released his
HBO special all that material was gone
like what I would have wanted to see was
that because that was a culmination of
ten years of doing stand-up Ryan boom he
does that HBO special and it's just a
murder
missile that's I saw him after that what
year wasn't that he did the HBO cuz I
wonder what year when I saw I think it
was either 85 or 86 I think it was 86 so
if I slum at Rascals in a sold-out show
and I was in college and I knew how
funny he was he was probably already
famous Lambert was he had Rascals
wouldn't be doing a bigger venue by the
yes you're right cuz it felt like a
special event I saw him at theaters I
saw him at a couple of big places I saw
him at one place down the Cape
he was I want to say it was like if I
had a guess today I would say somewhere
around 2,000 seats oh really
and I saw him at great woods which is
considerably larger than that and that's
right after his HBO special and this is
80 this is 80
687 Wow it's like a work of great words
shut the fuck up I was I worked for WBUR
the call it the public radio station and
I would record classic music concerts as
a as a as an engineer that's hilarious
dude I woods they called it Tanglewood
or something what they call great woods
yeah you were great woods in Mansfield
yeah yeah I was a security guard there
LinkedIn you guys reluctant security
guard cuz I would always bring a hoodie
with me and if shit went down I'd cover
up my security jacket and get the fuck
out of Dodge
did you throw in I brought I brought a
hoodie with me after like my first
couple days in the job the first day on
the job there's a dude named alley cat
he was the dude who ran the security
they caught some drunk kid who stole a
golf cart so they chased him down
tackled him and he was beating him in
the face with a walkie-talkie that was
Dave cool and I was like jobs it was and
I'm not a big person I'm five foot eight
just like that now outside the fight
looking in yes so in and back then I was
competing so I was only like a hundred
and sixty pounds I was really lightens I
was not getting any tangles with some
big giant drunk dudes on the grow it 20
bucks an hour or whatever I'm getting I
said oh just bring a hoodie with me and
when shit went down I would zip up and
one day shit went down with a Neil Young
concert and they looked wow the Neil
Young concert the back area is all grass
and they started bonfires these fucking
crazy Neil Young fans threw a bunch of
shit on the ground just started fires
and then they started trying to break up
these fires and people were pushing
security guards and then my friend Larry
who's like the nicest guy in the world
punch this guy in the stomach and I'm
like okay that's it if Larry's punching
people like he's the nicest these people
are driving crazy out I just walked
straight to my car and drove the fuck
home I didn't realize paycheck nothing
I'm like I'm out
it was a full-blown riot two dudes were
throwing down piles of people beating
the shit out of each other there was
fires they cancel the concert they shut
the con
in the middle of what's happening for
Neela who is the opener it was there was
two problems sometimes when you were in
the back area where the grass was the
acoustics weren't so good so like when
people went to see comics it was bad
it's not good like did that fix the
sound but back then it was a big issue
you had inside the canopy to hear what
the fuck was going on what do you think
of a oddball like outdoor comedy what do
you think of that I've done some outdoor
things I did a big outdoor place in
Kansas City this year and it was really
funny lookin awesome yeah but it was a
summer night you know it was beautiful
we got lucky with the rain there was no
rain or anything when Jeff and I did the
oddball like we went on together that
was my most fun doing the oddball thing
and I always thought it was a great like
Jeff was a supercooled economics and
everything like that I love I like feel
like I've ever seen like actually look
like he's having a great time with
Chappelle doing it like I really like
he's like so comfortable everywhere but
like in the outdoor venue you know he's
like taking his time and he makes it
like a club yeah like I it's just
amazing to watch him do it but the
outdoor thing with the can never here
you know like the joke going off into
outer space
that definitely is is is something that
uh you know even the
theater-in-the-round which is when I saw
Rodney Dangerfield in when I was like 17
and that was another situation where the
guys just like crushing crushing
crushing and the room cannot breathe
that kind of thing and I was like this
is in the round you know I was like wow
that's weird you know I was 17 I was
like wow is this how it goes like you
know why is he circling around like that
is that is that part of it you know I
didn't understand that it was in the
round you know but that but now I
realize that that's another like really
hard venue to play is the round you know
yeah I've only doing a few of those I
did the that place in Phoenix that ones
in the round Hollywood theater that's
that's a great oh I know the woods like
we did one of his 80s right I was there
and cuz George Carlin did one right I
think so yeah he did so many of them
that guy did them everywhere I mean
every year that is bananas that's one of
the craziest pieces ever and talk about
someone who did it totally differently
he would basically write a monologue
Yeah right you know each take it's not
working at all not working out kind of
tighten it up onstage they would say you
know as you know the bits as you would
just keep doing them and figure out a
better way to do them
he's writing it out right the whole
thing yeah that's right yeah and he did
it every year wow that was like at the
height of of that HBO comedy thing you'd
like tune in specific just to see the
specimen well he was in a different
place than anybody else because of how
prolific he was and some would say like
yeah but you know some of it wasn't my
favorite stuff and like listen it is
impossible to write an hour every
fucking year and have it your best
version of that hour you need more time
a lot of the times but he had a hunter
that commitment of getting the special
out right but what he did was he did
something that was slightly different
than comedy either because it was even
because it was like life it was like a
State of the Union a state of like
civilization sting it wasn't just comedy
it's like here's a really wise old guy
it was super smart shit but he has some
really good points and he's gonna do
this every year so as was it was
different it was more that it wasn't
like he never worked out in clubs I went
to see him once and he was and he had
this whole bit about fuck everything it
was like basically fuck this and fuck
that and in part of it was comedy clubs
he's like they say George you got to
work out your shit in comedy go up
schools fuck comedy clubs
really I saw him years later at the
storm he was just fucking around but I
saw that's when I knew I'd made it I was
like at The Improv back in the day and I
was probably going on at 2:00 a.m. and I
still have it it was a schedule that had
George Carlin 30 so like five hours
later I went on at a prom show or
something but Carlin came into the
improv I got to say hi to him in the
back patio the store just hi how you
doing nice to meet you yeah ice Wow
I saw him at the Aspen Comedy Festival
in wood comics oh sorry yeah now he
definitely didn't hang with comics
necessarily right I remember once like
he kind of like dissed the Friars Club
he's like I don't want to hang with the
older guys I want to it was weird
mm-hmm I said some comedy festival he
was like not doing anything like you
know he had like substance stuff going
on oh yeah and it was like he was
treated himself to one glass of wine a
day but you know how like up to the brim
like it's one of those words like I see
it like
being on it you know like and he's
looking at me like hmm you know like
he's like oh he's a new comic he's a big
you know I'm like hello mr. Carlin and
he's like mm back to the sipping on this
one glass of wine today I love that well
he he got injured right and had a pain
pill problem did it so many fucking
people man he was a hardcore you know
70s guy - yeah oh yeah he did a lot of
that back in the day but I think the
pain pills was later on in his life and
he just had reached a point where he
realized I've got an issue I gotta stop
this but he sorted it out I respected he
really committed to his craft like oh
yeah and you know maybe he was trying to
do other stuff here and there and cuz
you know he did a few acting things but
that was not his thing yeah his thing
was those HBO specials every year yep no
one else was doing whether you figure
out what your thing is
lucky happy will be yeah well his thing
was always you know having a brilliant
social point with humor attached to it
no that was his thing like some of his
best bits we're just like really good
points about hypocrisy and the
ridiculousness of our civilization with
like really good punch line he would
write to a subject yeah Chris Rock does
that too he also like a religion he was
like the first guy to really like you
know him and Bill Hicks I always thought
we're like you know that was so cool
there takes on religion you know yeah
well you know Lenny Bruce obviously
opened that door he was just a pain in
the ass I got everybody in trouble all
the time there because I mean he was
arrested multiple times so what do we
have that many bad words a guy like him
yeah I think I don't think we need a guy
like him in a sense the crowd is the the
problem is different guy if you live
today right you know I mean if he was
alive today he would just be a great
comic he wouldn't you wouldn't have to
do all the shit that he had to do like
there was it's hard for us to whenever
you go back and listen to stuff like
Lenny Bruce it's really almost
impossible unless you live through it
that time yeah in that time to put it
that's why like I can kind of put myself
back in there
I kind of remember vaguely I have a
sense of what it was like I can kind of
tell you I don't have a goddamn clue as
to what it was like in the sixties
yeah and so when he was doing this we
have to put it in context that there was
no there was no freedom
I didn't say certain words you couldn't
talk Jackson yeah I mean really crazy
restrictions on the way people talked
and they brought him into court over and
over and over again essentially bankrupt
them he couldn't work anymore and by the
end he just he died of heroin on the
fucking bathroom floor and then he
became a mess and a lot of him being a
mess was him dealing with his court
cases like he's got there's recordings
of him where he's going onstage with his
legal papers just reading the rain
showers to the audience right lost his
fucking mind
right but we also came up in a club
system and I consider myself a club
comic like that's what I did that's I'm
supposed to do but like these guys were
before like you say Hackett and all
these guys way before the club system
they played the Catskills they played
like some you know a Jewish camp
somewhere you know they that was there
like proving ground and I'm sure that
was like probably the hardest of the
hardest gigs to do you know it's like
it's an all-ages show it's you know
there may be a Late Show where they get
to be a little saucy or but you know it
really is a tough thing and it's the
same crowd for a whole week I mean
honestly you know that's crazy
yeah so like I give it up to those guys
like Joan Rivers who I think also was
like an unsung hero of comedy like she
she's like crosses over that that that
thing from like you know where TV comedy
becomes like a big deal like where you
see him on like you know Johnny Carson
all that kind of stuff like I love her
sets I watched them with her man yeah
she really was a great joke writer she
was average too she'd go after it well
who else stayed relevant in there at 80
years old who else had new material at
80 no but it's really just those two
just Carlin and her I guess so right
yeah who else and she died trying to
improve her voice her instrument like
she was still staying in it yeah sad one
funerals are really amazing it was like
a king died she was the greatest she had
some serious fucking horsepower when it
came to like her ability to deliver
punchlines and mmm one of the best books
I ever read
young comics out there read enter
talking by Joan Rivers about our early
days and stand up in acting it's really
no don't read ladies and gentlemen Lenny
Bruce start putting foil over your
windows and shooting up I I did read
that it's a great book so I started I
took a comedy class in New York who was
teaching Lee Frank buddy of mine he's
out he was writing and I was a slough
fat loser living in New Jersey with my
grandfather and my buddy said hey take
this comedy class I think you'd be good
at it I go what you think yeah I think
you'd be good at it than I thought
well it's near the bus station where I
would go to work and then go visit my
grandpa take care of him he was sick and
and I would just go to this class for
three hours it was like a way to
socialize really I didn't have a desired
I didn't even know what stand-up was but
the first assignment was to memorize a
comedians act and do it just for the
class just to get a sense of timing and
what it was like right and we understood
we wasn't our material it wasn't about
that at all and I heard Lenny Bruce was
the coolest so I went to the Springfield
Public Library I took out a Lenny Bruce
that live at Carnegie Hall double-album
I still have it and I memorized this
routine and I didn't get it the odd that
the class didn't get it and I realize
like God context is everything it should
make it just wasn't funny it didn't hold
up at all it made almost no sense to me
so I realized that it really is like you
were saying before Dave like the moment
that is the experience of being there
people were so restricted back then in
terms of their access to information in
terms of the way they talk to each other
that anything outside of the norm
anything being broadcast and we have to
also remember that broadcasting itself
was only like 40 or 50 years old
this is a fairly new medium right and
anything that was even remotely just
outside of what the accepted standard
operating way of behaving was was
considered decadent and
and racy and list dirt II Lenny they
would you know he would talk about
things that you're not supposed to talk
about that
yeah that's happy subjects but today
that same stuff has already been he
opened the door richard pryor kicked it
down lit it on fire eddie murphy nuclear
bombed it and then what kept going on
and Kennison and hicks and it's those
there's nothing there anymore there's no
shame and any of these subjects anymore
you can't there's no built-in weirdness
to it that he experienced back then and
he would have never been able to do
comedy and he differently I think that's
also what we need to understand as if
like Eddie Murphy went back to nineteen
sixty and did his same kind of material
that he did in raw they wouldn't take it
wouldn't everybody be like he's yelling
at us yeah like what is he doing right
this is not comedy like they wouldn't be
ready for it there's these stages that
have to happen and I think you kind of
have to have a guy like Lenny who's like
spelling it out for people and then a
guy like Carlin takes it to a different
place and then again they just keep
going and Pryor comes along and
introduces this like incredible honesty
to it it's like each comic had one less
layer of exposition and there has so
that almost like they opened for each
other by decade or by five almost right
and so interesting and Kinnison when
Kinnison came around there was the first
time that I'd ever saw something I went
oh well that comedy could be anything
yeah because I thought that comedy was
these guys who would go on The Tonight
Show cuz that's mostly what I'd see
whether they would she ever known us and
they would be talking about stuff they
noticed and I loved it I would love to
stand-up comedy but I never I never
thought that stand-up comedy was
anything like Kennison when I saw Ken is
here for the first time I was like oh
this is a totally different thing yeah
like this guy's doing a totally
different thing right like this is crazy
something inner anxious monologue when
he was standing in front of a guy going
uh you know you look at his face you
didn't married yeah I was married twice
I was married for two fuckin years I
know but nobody had ever done anything
like that before and I remember thinking
at that time like wow comedy is really
fascinating because it can be so many
different things but you also wanted to
be a rock star
rock star yeah but that but when you see
seed all those great things that he
could do like his staged craft I guess
you would call it yeah the things he
could do he could really hold the stage
and in today's world ways pretty much
everyone's low-key let's that's kind of
like the new style I'm like low-key
whatever it like that
that to me always it was like he was
like a force of nature that's what I was
like it was like this guy like somebody
opened the door and a hurricane came in
do you know that I love that he has
something like very seriously in common
frozen okay so yeah they both
experienced significant head injuries at
a young age
oh well then from then on became this
new person huh
Rosanna had the exact same story she got
hit by a car heard that she got fucked
up she was in a mental hospital for nine
months yeah I mean really bad so what
when people talk about Roseanne and say
bad things about him like you looking
you really are doing I didn't know
everyone a disservice by expressing this
the way you're doing it because you're
not even taking into consideration
everything she does you should take into
consideration she had a significant
brain massive trauma to the brain when
she was like 15 years old her head
bounced off of the fender of a fucking
car right she was laid out she was in a
coma she was in a mental institution for
nine months after that right like this
is like asking someone who has broken
legs to not limp even when you're asking
even when you I heard you talked to her
about it she almost like skipped over it
as if it was something she didn't really
want to address and you were like
backtracked she had I had to get it out
of her because this is what I know about
her and she ought she knows that I'm a
giant fan like she knows I always say if
you have to list like top 20 comics of
all time Roseanne is 100% in there and
probably one of the most important ones
because what she did when she first got
on HBO and she first when people first
started she would first of all she would
fucking murder domestic god yeah she
would murder and she she had a totally
different style Hearst she didn't give a
fuck like when she was up there the
first time you saw a woman who was like
aggressive and insulting and didn't give
a fuck didn't give a fuck what she
looked like didn't give a fuck what you
thought about what she looked like she
was just there to be funny
and she knew that I had that opinion of
her when she did the show so it helped
you know it helped like like I'm not
trying to hurt you in any way and I just
want people to understand who you are
she's on a fucking bunch of different
psych medicines man they've got her on
all kinds of crazy shit trying to even
around and then on top of that she's
taking adderall and she's drinking and
like everybody relax like leave that
poor lady alone right like you're going
after when she's in her 60s for a fuck
up on Twitter right you know you thinks
that that lady looks black is lying
you're either full of shit like if you
didn't know if I said okay you don't
know anything about her what's the
ethnicity you'd be like oh boy right
you know I saved the picture on my phone
in case I get in a conversation with
people about it cuz it's such a cause
it's one of those things where nobody
wants to look like they are in any way
racist right no one wants a look at
their racist I don't want any but you
also have to be honest
doesn't mean you're racist if you look
at that and go that was Laderman she
could be a lot of things she could be a
lot of things she has long straight hair
not long short straight hair like she
could be a lot of things this is not
obvious you say that it's obvious you're
being disingenuous you know I can't talk
to you because you're not being this
isn't you're not realistic this is not
obvious well you know I shouldn't be
tweeting about politics at all tonight
on ambien well she also shouldn't be
tweeting about lizard people or any
other crazy shit she tweets about right
you know rosanne trails and right before
her shell when she went from comedy to
her show and Emma once again it was a
you know like her act was her show and
like that was one thing that like since
her everybody was always like you know
you got to like throw out in your act
like 20 minutes about like what you are
and who you think the sitcom should be
and it was like it didn't work as well
for anybody else except for her because
that really was her life right and it
was her things right like I like Ray
Romano was another guy was really good
at that where he would put up you know
his act he's really great joke writer
too he would like totally like have
these great jokes about his family and
his wife and the expectations of their
relationship and then that became the
the essence of that show so then you see
like everybody you remember there was
definitely a decade of like agents going
like hey you gotta get like you know you
know did you have a dog growing up do a
joke about that
you know again I get a sitcom going on
that I went through all that shit when
we were trying to do sitcoms around
people and they would try to get you to
put together like some sort of a theme
and do it onstage for a sitcom I mean
I've seen guys specifically craft an act
that they thought was getting the 12
minutes yep yes people got seriously
into it man it became like a different
thing it's like a goal the goal was the
sitcom did you that one was another one
do you like those days acting I got
lucky okay I got super lucky I got super
lucky first of all that I never had my
own show all right so never had to carry
anything and then too I did a really
shitty one first a one that should have
been really funny but then too many
people got involved and it got too
convoluted and fucked up and it just
didn't work and that show got canceled
me and then I got lucky that I got on a
show that was already there he did the
pilot when I came onto news radio Ray
Romano was supposed to do the pirate the
pilot rather he gets fired they hired a
new guy and then they filmed the pilot
and then after they filmed the pilot
they got rid of the new guy and then I
came in that's so there was a like there
was a lot of steps you jump the hard
part of I jumped all of it and I walk
but I mean creatively there's no way you
found that fulfilling maybe at the time
a news radio was unusually free in how
much you could create you could
constantly Paul Sims is a genius the
nicest guy in the world and he would let
you like he would just seize no ego
would still do the best shit like he
would let like Dave Foley was constantly
rewriting jokes and constantly
introducing new punch lines so he was
like you know probably one of the if you
look at all the punch lines that had
ever been on the show I like a
percentage of them you would attribute
to Dave Foley a significant percentage
genius but they would let him do it they
wanted everybody to do that they want
the only job where you want to do more
than you're supposed to and you're like
mad if you did all that there's eight
people on the show too
it's a lot of human beings to be talking
for 22 minutes and of course Phil was
the star you know Phil Hartman was a big
star he was so talented that guy so
talented he was also like super
professional yeah that guy would prepare
he would have a he would have a
clipboard right or a notebook with all
of his scenes in there with different
colors for the tabs and he would
practice them you'd see him sitting
there by
self just going over his long his head
back the doctor yeah I mean he was a
fucking meticulous professional like I'm
so bad like some guys especially the
comics where they go when they get that
sick grab that microphone oh sorry buddy
the comics they get the sitcom and then
they ride it as long as they can and
then then they go back to stand-up and
we've seen that you know you can throw a
dart at like a schedule anywhere in the
country and you'll see that guy and I'm
always like you know what isn't it sad
that you didn't keep doing the stand-up
because now you're kind of right back to
where you started in terms of stand-up
like you didn't get to grow that way
like you know part yeah a lot of them
don't do it for years and like
everybody's always like you know this is
the best touring time when you have a
sec um but most people don't want to go
on tour like that you know to me I would
be like yeah you're right let's get out
there you know but well you you could do
it for a few months but yeah the
schedule you're filming you're gonna be
stuck at in LA and then on top of that
especially back then when you start out
a sitcom you're doing 12-hour days until
you figure out how to do it true
once the show had been figured out by
like season three or four we were down
to like three days a week sometimes four
days a week mostly mostly for very
rarely five unless there was some
significant crazy somebody to make we
did 98 I think Wow maybe did 99
something like that but I did a hundred
and forty-eight fear factors Wow and I
did six more than we did when when it
came back in with six or seven more I
think it did we did seven and forty
eight yeah that was preposterous that
was when I was losing my mind wasn't
even one a day or was it less than oh no
that one took three days sometimes you
get bang out one in two days like you'd
have the Beast on early in the day in
the sea stunt at night like the final
stunt at night that's my you know what
again very fortunate it was a great gig
plenty of money and it was all good and
it definitely helped my stand-up because
it gave me fuck you money too it gave me
the ability to not worry about like
having money in the bank because I don't
have like extravagant tastes I'm not too
ridiculous with money but I like feeling
like I
I don't have to worry like soon as you
know okay good
don't think about that anymore now think
about other things so it really helped
me there and also the preposterous nosov
it was a boundless source of material
yeah which is such a ridiculous shit I
hosted a spin-off that didn't get picked
up who was it called say uncle her
what's this show - and I was writing on
the man show and that's how I knew David
Hurwitz who's produced some fear factor
and they had a show called to say uncle
which I later parodied in the De Niro
movie I wrote the comedian called like
stop uncle or whatever it was but anyway
the the big one of the big things was a
guy a contestant got in a turkey pen
mm-hmm and we like put maple syrup all
over when he rolled around in these like
birds like pecked at him and he's his
family's there watching and he starts
bleeding and she and I stopped the thing
and the producers were man that you
can't stop in the middle of like the
guy's crying I go yeah it was just a
total disaster you could tell it was
gonna be a big hit but it was risky and
then I remember going to Jimmy Kimmel's
like premiere party for Jimmy Kimmel
Live and I saw the head of ABC there and
I'd never done this in my entire life
they it was like getting a drink and I
walked over and I said please don't pick
it up it's rough it's gonna be it's
gonna be too hard to stand behind we're
torturing people well they didn't pick
it up he just kind of looked at me and
smiled here's this this would have been
2003 hmm yeah that was right after fear
factor was first launched when when
those shows what happens is you get used
to one thing and so you have to do
something that's bigger and better the
next year yeah and so when we came back
I felt uncomfortable with a lot of the
shit they know how to do it like the
stunt guys are top of the food chain
they but they were doing some sketchy
shit like one of them we had these
people chained to a tree look with
bungee cords that were attached to a
helicopter and they had to figure out
the right locks to unlock the bungee
cord that they're the straps to keep
them to the tree and then as soon as
they do they undo the strap and teach
they
fucking shooting out into space into the
center of this gigantic Canyon and
they're bouncing underneath this router
and I remember thinking like this
doesn't yeah if we could do this a
thousand times one of them someone's
gonna die of course one of them
someone's gonna die and it might be the
next one but it never have we got lucky
dude I really feel like we got lucky
I really really honestly 100% feel like
we got lucky there was a few things
first of all you there's a certain
amount of risk that you take whenever
you're doing anything like jump your car
off of a building roof which we did we
had people fly cars across a train a
moving train okay there's risk involved
in that right but the one that scared
the shit out of me that most was bull
riding
we had people ride bulls it was the only
time I told contestants don't do it I'm
like if you if you want to ask me I
would say don't do it on air no no no no
before we no on air I mean I gave them
the standard right but when you know
what I would talk to them I'd say look
this is up to you right if you want to
go on me people do know how to ride
bulls but you don't how to ride a bull
we're not teaching you how to ride a
bull you're not going through classes
you know slowly they're surely
building up your techniques right you're
just gonna ride a bull right don't do
that right don't do that that's what I
would say and we had this girl she was
like 98 pounds she got launched off the
back of this bowl and she'll do this
these people went fucking flying that
that thing's kicking gun I had a fall
through there yeah barely misses them
when it's kicking I mean they're wearing
helmets and shit but look at this look
at this look I mean come on man look at
this I mean that's that default the way
she felt like that that is like getting
hit in the back of the head with the
world yeah so like my personal feelings
about trauma and about what's dangerous
and shit like this this is a no-no
especially for a 90-pound woman like
this poor lady oh my goodness she got up
cute little fellow I was back then yeah
she got up man she was tough as shit but
everybody I feel like in that one I feel
like we got lucky I feel like we rolled
the dice because if they stomp you they
lacerate livers and cry yeah crush
scorns and they can stop you
the funny thing was those stunt guys are
so fucking tough those guys are so used
to putting their ass on the line that
they don't think anything about someone
doing something risky right to them
that's what you do you showed up for
work right and that's definitely a
different in your head like an alpha is
something they're animals have to do
that they're like fighting crave that
you're like wonder what we're saying you
know does it keep them from having a
family there's a woman who's gonna marry
you if you're throwing your life in the
line unrelated to war or famine no I
think there's a certain allure to
remember that that TV show the fall guy
yeah
how about Evel Knievel yeah I love them
women loved Evel Knievel if that's a
good point
women love risk takers they like being
Amex guys to do those flips and shit and
those guys are those guys really shit
and now they have the parkour guys where
they like climb up a building would know
any any any kind of you could smoke you
could do parkour iron iron grid do you
exercise it all day I do the kettlebells
yeah you were telling me that yeah I'm
still doing that I you know can I you
know because I wanted to ask you this
off the mic but it's like I I seem to be
getting more out of pull-ups and just
regular calisthenics than I am out of
the out of the kettlebell experience I
think it's because like maybe I'm just
more into it now you know well there's
definitely no better exercise for you
than pull-ups and push-ups and that to
me is if I if somebody had to say for
the rest of your life
you got a pull-up bar and no weights
yeah you know you're gonna be okay I
feel like I'll take that over not having
a pull-up bar because I think there's
certain amount there's certain kind of
workouts it's so hard when you
manipulate your own body to push-ups I
think too because you could vary your
push-up with right and you could do so
many things just with chimps and
push-ups and then with bodyweight like
single leg squats and things like that
you can get a tremendous workout in with
just a chin-up bar bodyweight and
there's there's a there's something
about like that do a hundred of them
like I can't even do like ten like ten
would be great for me but like the guys
who can do a hundred it's so hard it's
almost like torture to do reps chin-ups
I know you do a hundred chin-ups as a
fucking Sam yeah like I I mean that
definitely is the goal but I'm new I'm
old and I'm sad
100 in you know we get two sets yeah I
don't do it though I do sets of 10 yeah
I don't do any more than 10 and I do
them multiple times a day like I have a
chin-up bar in my house so I'll walk in
and I'll just jump up yeah it's an 10
mm-hmm and I've found that like the one
thing that's helped my squeeze like with
jiu-jitsu and with being able to pick my
body and just move around better it's
just just do them randomly throughout
the day I do chin-ups all the time like
when they're like oh those the bars in
the back I'll do a show here and then
I'll go back and do tension ups I'm like
that with masturbation since I can have
sex anytime
don't you ready to go was ready to go
but if I had to pick one thing it would
be that'd be a chin-up bar and then
bodyweight stuff you could do that for
sure that's you're not into the
kettlebells on the road it's it's like
hard to do you know like I don't like
going to the hotel jam or anything then
I like to keep it in the room so
sometimes you know jump rope or
something like that but I would say I've
gotten in better shape but I still feel
like you know you know crap most of the
time but when I was a kid when I was a
kid like it was all that stuff like
push-ups and sit-ups and all that kind
of stuff and now that I'm back to it I'm
like you know I forgot how great this is
you know it's really cool you know it's
a great thing for the lips I have thirds
with those TRX things oh yes trap it
into the door of the hotel room and you
could do all these crazy exercises and
it's real small you can just tuck it in
your bag I love that I love the hotel
room like we've all seen that in the
movie the assassin doing a couple of
write a couple very slow push-ups
sometimes if I go down to a gym and
there's nothing that I want to do in
there I'll work out my hotel room no you
never were like a runner were you like a
run now are you do it's only been over
the last couple of years really but even
when you were like doing a Taekwondo
right yeah much I thought that was part
of the thing they had like a military
kind of feel to it they would definitely
had a military feel to it and some some
different they would call it dough
Jang's you know Jeff's a black belt in
Taekwondo I know we are actually on the
show he pulls out the nunchucks that's
not a part of it but that's okay you
know I'm rusty I have to admit I need to
get back sir sighs these days I've been
doing a little bit of yoga but honestly
I've been doing a lot of
not exercising lately he needs I feel
good yeah like I'm in a place now where
I need to start exercising again we
talked about this in the parking lot the
other day I've been a stand-up hiatus
and when I'm not performing I don't care
as much about my instrument right and
I've been editing and writing and
producing so I'm I don't know I've
gotten a little not late I guess lazy
and and I don't feel this good like I
know I recognize me in my body if I need
to snap out of it I think he needs like
like a like a group or like people to
hang with hmm because you know that was
more fun and out by myself
yeah if there was like if there was like
a group of guys you know come on and
don't let us down you could find like a
CrossFit class to join or some shit like
that I mean they always have those kind
of things there's all sorts of different
classes that yeah you like is awesome
they I've done one of those
high-intensity interval training things
at a yoga place too whether you do some
yoga and some like really light weights
but all these crazy little exercises
that's fun too you know dancer pose
we're doing say easy oh you try to do
that don't hurt yourself easy yes oh
that is that what's called standing bow
things called standing bow keep it going
we going no one can see you yeah yeah
you supposed to grab both legs but
that's okay do it
grab that other leg bitch you got it no
this is yeah come on son here he goes
yeah nice and the headphones on take it
to the new level like a NASA mission
called again cry for help how often do
you do it when I would go I would go to
hunt you oh there you go a couple times
a week or now I just kind of do it in my
backyard to stretch out after a long
flight or something that's good
anything so kind of like you at the tank
like that's the time to think about life
to think through a bit to think through
a mission that you're working on some
family issues it's like quiet you're
it's about you for me yoga it's like
giving yourself a massage it's more
gratifying than going to your weights
except I like to stretch out before set
so you ever do that do stretches before
you go yeah yeah it was real good that
like there's something about that that's
very relaxing who'd seen a good I think
you carry around when you're tight you
carry around a lot of like and your
attention that you don't necessarily
want
pigeon pose that's where all the tension
is pigeon pose that's the one where
you're doing oh wow yeah that oh I've
seen this one yeah I've seen that one
that's called a hip opener yeah that
looks so sad Yoga people will do that
pose and start crying this there's so
much emotion and anxiety release from
the hip yeah that's not real Joe you're
just crying because someone told you
should cry nonsense
they always want to say that this is
opening up your colon you don't have any
fucking there's no diagrams you don't
know where the colon is like you better
stop
you better stop saying that you don't
have any fucking there's there's tension
in the hip cat-scans what's head stuff
called magnetic residents MRIs you don't
have that bro you don't have any like
real evidence there's emotion get the
fuck out of here with that shit you're
not you don't have any memories
specifically and people say no no no but
when I'm in that position and they tell
you that it's animal if the emotions
come out here you just let them like
what emotions are gonna come out someone
told you mission to be emotionally
vulnerable yes that you that in hypnosis
and you can get that eating lunch at a
deli or working out with the boys in the
gym if you're in a quiet dark yoga place
with other people that are staring at
their own at the floor right
you can relax a little emotionally
that's a logical definition that's a
logical way of explaining what's really
going on namaste means yes good still
let me ask a question
do you eat before you go onstage no me
neither
this guy has to eat like he has to eat
before he goes onstage like right before
mmm like pretty much right before I mean
I don't think there's anything wrong
with eating some fruit right before you
go up on stage but for me I don't want
to there's a certain amount of resources
your body is going to use for digestion
that's just a fact yeah okay there's a
reason why fighters don't eat a fucking
so yeah and mashed potatoes right hate
that because your body will be like fuck
you dude we got to digest this stuff and
it's sloshing around your stomach it
gets in the way I hate it obviously this
is that I know plenty of people who have
to eat I sometimes I in that first
episode of our show I eat during the
show yeah to the stage that's how hungry
I was by the Late Show there's nothing
wrong with that man it's not not to say
that you can't do it and for you you're
so casual like you're probably better
off feeling good then you are like being
having more mental alertness like
there's annoying yeah I ate in the car
coming to your studio today and the
first thing I said to Jeff who answered
the door was there anything to eat
around here because it's like it's an
anxiety thing to like before you're
gonna perform and I remember reading
years and years and years and years ago
that David Letterman would he pineapple
right before he went on so he was that I
always asked for pineapple and my
writers hi Stacy
pineapples a good Stacy market yes he
also would do a fasting and then he
would like pig out that was his thing
Letterman that's what I heard that like
he would like not eat for like two or
three days and then he would do that and
that's how my friend Russ does it not
like that kind of thing of like where
you like just basically Spartan like
nothing nothing nothing and then like
you get to eat whatever you want I
believe for sure the people eat too much
food and me included I eat too much
leave and when I when I is fast like
especially intermittent fast I do like
16 hours at night when I do do that I
feel way better way better wait what
fasting between dinner and I the next
time I eat is 16 hours Jeff can you
imagine that
no you just decide
in you go to I would have to be getting
a colonoscopy you just look you eat
dinner
you done it ain't you go to bed or do
whatever the fuck you do but just no
more to perform how do you what are you
talking about you can't yeah you have to
eat - come on agent ten the last thing I
want to do is eat any later than eight I
go right to the cookies in the back of
the comedy cookies are different though
that's quick carbs that actually is not
a bad idea I say that's not really no
not bad idea at all like you don't eat
that stuff do you I'll eat that stuff
look when I was doing this sober October
fitness challenge with Ari and Tom
Segura and Bert Kreischer I ate
everything in sight I eat pizza and
cookies I ate everything because they
just want calories but the problem with
cookies and stuff like that is like you
can eat them but you just can't make a
habit of eating them all the time or
will fuck you up it's just gonna fuck
you up before you go onstage not a bad
idea
got a little pick-me-up energy with
carbs body's gonna break down those
carbs and those sugar and glucose is a
very good fuel for the brain yeah it
works yeah yeah carbs are good for the
brain especially in like if your body's
carb adapted if you eat carbs all the
time and you can eat some carbs right
before you go onstage that'll give you
like a little energy I feel so much
better even lift yeah really
like if you wanted to have a cookie or
it may be even a Snickers bar and then
lift weights I wouldn't I wouldn't say
don't do that well I say
that'll give you some fucking sugar to
burn off like it's not the best food for
you in the world but you're asking for
it for a very specific reason like after
it's over I'd say yeah go have some
salmon and some vegetables and eat
healthy but right before you want to
work out like you could drink a coke
right like you you could drink a
coca-cola and if you're gonna live for
an hour okay drink a coke it was a shit
right you're gonna burn that shit off
and it's just gonna be fuel that you use
just I wouldn't do it all the time but
it's not gonna have a negative effect on
you it's really a cumulative thing with
people in diets it's eating too much
sugar too much bullshit for too many
days in a row and not giving your body a
chance to relax see when I when I don't
eat I never considered like oh that's
lightheadedness I'm like I'm probably
having a stroke
I got this is it I bet you find place to
lay down food mortal over X I think
that's awesome well listen food is
fucking phenomenal right and you're
lucky you live in New York City and then
you come to LA so you're in both places
and you're in two spots that have some
of the greatest restaurants on the
planet Earth if you're like a food yeah
some cash Jeff Ross you can do whatever
the fuck you want I do yeah
nice bottle of wine and have a fucking
beautiful steak with the right
accoutrements and you know why wouldn't
you I mean it'sit's a beautiful pleasure
and if I eat a steak some red meat
mm-hmm I mean it's fucker fight yeah
like I'm either on stage as soon as I
eat a steak and I don't need it as much
as I used to but we eat a lot on the
tour remember was you mean yamaneika
that was a great what was it well
because having there like a porterhouse
you know the thing we're like not only
the ribs still there but the hooves like
that kind of thing like really basically
like do-it-yourself do-it-yourself kind
of at stake bone-in rib we really went
to yeah we went to town on that she did
more that I love a good steak I don't
think there's anything wrong with it
I think what's wrong with steak with
what people think was wrong with wrong
with red meat is all the stuff you eat
with it all the sugar and bullshit and
bread and pasta and then alcohol and
sedentary life there's a bunch of things
but I think if you're a healthy person
who exercise all the time
I don't think steaks bad for you at all
I don't anything a little bit I think
it's good for you I think it's the
opposite of bad for you I think all of
our preconceived notions about what's
healthy all of them very cuz some people
that really don't do good with red meat
some people don't do well with fish
people are weird Barney fish I don't
like it either
do you eat it love it you do love that
is that right away like steps up your
whole game right that's for sure a
life-saving thing well if you get a lot
of those essential fatty acids that you
can get from like an oily fish like a
salmon they're so good for you man
that's so good at reducing inflammation
do you take fish oil at all yeah one of
the best things you can take fish oil
krill oil anything it's getting those
essential fatty acids which so many
people are missing from their diet just
getting a good healthy supply of it
every day it's just good for everything
man it's good for your skin it's good
for your brain good for muscle
development
so soil yeah official it's phenomenal
it's good for inflammation if you have
joint aches and stuff like that fissure
booger booger you know how you like
touch your nose and it feels moist you
like what's happening here do you have a
clinger what's going on here
we're good I think you're clean you're
good but uh official is just one of the
best things man it's so good for you
what is it what is fish oil oil
extracted from fish and what the tears
of the fish yeah now a little bit of
calm they they sell merch booth yeah
Joe so David have you ever like caught
it caught like what is like a sport fish
you know like a big one or anything and
then you would make steaks out of that
too
I've done that with the the most
delicious thing I think I caught was a
wahoo I think that's used for it sort of
a dick now we caught it in Hawaii it was
phenomenal man because they we brought
it we were staying at a hotel we brought
it to the the waiter or the chef in the
hotel would cook stuff for you and you
would just bring him the the the fish
and you know he would go how do you how
guys think we want to prepare this and
so we said I don't know like what do you
think like it's like what would you do
if somebody brought you this he goes I
would prepare it a bunch of different
ways because is a huge fish so I could
make you guys like a little bit of
ceviche a little bit sushi yes perfect
Wow so was he cooked it six hours after
it was dead I mean we caught it and then
six hours later we're eating it for
lunch it was insane it was so good that
is cool oh that's it right there
Wow that's what it looks like this is
another name for and though Hawaii they
call it an oh no oh no that's right
that's right it's delicious it's so like
how the fish is looking at the camera
too oh wait that's crazy you know but
yeah it's you like fishing over hunting
no fishing is harder I like them both
you know hunting is way more intense and
I feel way worse for the animal like I
don't feel bad for fish yeah exactly cuz
you know whatever reason I'm just being
honest like if I catch a big salmon yeah
I'm like sorry dude
right but this is what I'm here for like
but when I shoot a deer um there's
always a little part I mean it's like
who
this is what I you know I eat and I know
that if I don't do this they're gonna
die of either starvation or disease or
they're gonna be ripped apart asshole
first by coyotes like this is not a good
end for them no matter what and me
shooting them it's probably the best end
they're ever gonna get interest all
those justifications aside it's a
different feeling when you see like an
elk down then when yeah it's a salmon
salmon it's 100% happiness but what
about when you pull the trigger seeing
the animal down is one thing but what
about no one it's coming it's hard to
keep your shit together
that's a hunter that's the hunting you
get emotional no you don't you get
nervous you don't want to fuck it up you
don't want to injure anything so there's
a lot of anticipation in that moment
it's sort of it's very intense and
whatever amount of meat you get from
that animal whenever you eat it you're
gonna think about that moment you think
I think about that moment every time ie
Alyssa lips well you think about it like
this is a this was a intense
life-or-death moment in life like this
circle of life the chain moment in life
that I participated in and now I'm
eating it so I know exactly what the
food is as opposed to going to Morton's
get a nice steak and you know get some
mashed potatoes I don't where the fuck
they grew that potato oh don't worry I
get that feeling when I opened the can
of Pringles when I'm in the refrigerator
I you think do you like fishing at all I
used to fish as a kid in the Hudson
River with my grandfather we would catch
bass and I really loved it I haven't
done it since I was a kid really yeah
it's fun it's a fun thing to do it's a
passion yeah it's just if you could find
a like if you're doing a gig and you
could find a spot that has like a party
boat especially and they'll take you out
and everybody dunks the line and people
pulling fish left and right numbers
laughs and people drinking beers it's
fuckin fun man it's fun yeah but that
was a big thing in New England we should
do party boats for blue fish and just go
to a spot and everybody dropped in line
and they'd be pulling these fish up and
then you know you cook them later that
night it's fantastic Wow
just makes you think about what a fish
is too and how weird it is we got this
alien world connected to us we pull
these things out cut their fucking heads
off and cook them
well you've been to Japan and all those
places I've been to Japan but I fucked
up when I was there and I didn't go to
the fish market yeah oh man hurt the
fish market in Tokyo is one of those
like a million fish we don't even know
about that they like that it's crazy
with yeah it's it's so so interesting to
see like you know we're so used to like
you said bread and all that stuff is
like you know is it a meal without bread
it's like these people like go make
months without seeing a piece of bread
yeah they're not in the bread and
they're all thin yeah hilarious they're
their noodles a lot of times our rice
noodles it's very different
you know there's wheat noodles there too
though right they just they eat
different than us they have a completely
different style of eating and just it's
one of the coolest things about Tokyo
man is that it's almost like an
alternative country it's all you mean
the city because it's so different like
say if you're in Los Angeles right you
leave from Los Angeles and you know
you're here in 2018 and you're driving
around this is the way people live over
here and this is how people are in
traffic and this is how people are when
they come to the Comedy Store all these
different places and then you go to
Tokyo you go oh wow this is also people
in 2018 right we're living at the exact
same time but they're doing it totally
differently like everybody's super
polite as you walk down the street
there's no people bumping into anybody
nobody's yelling at anybody either very
polite but they're also very Japanese
right the majority of people you see are
Japanese
yeah that's homogeneous lightly
integrated right I mean there's
something you see some Africans there
you see some people like us there but
it's mostly Japanese people it's let
it's interesting to see have you seen
this TV show on Amazon called the man in
the high castle no what is it it's a
future it's basically America if the
Nazis won the war whoa
and they partner with the Japanese Wow
and the Japanese owned California
Northern California and the Nazis on the
rest of the country and the Midwest is
sort of a no-man's land
so New York is not seen New York they
split it at the rock but but Japanese
whoa series it's been its third season
I'm obsessed with it Philip dick is the
is this I know he's classic it's one of
his books
oh no he's the mayor he's great
that guy's been a lot of stuff what is
his name
I forgot it the actor's name Rudy see
well
Rufus see well that yeah that I say it
yeah governor of New York what Cesar is
Ruben foofer the Abba group in proofer
is the governing Fuhrer is it governor
in New York yeah but it's a very
interesting show basically New York cops
wearing Nazi armband so they're still
New York cops like hey the Fuhrer says I
gotta give music you know it's like that
and it's fascinating how they do the
show but what's interesting about
Japanese culture on the show is you see
the the fancy class the the aristocratic
class of Japan runs essentially San
Francisco and you see how they're very
snobby and very particular and and hmm
they don't really like to mix with the
Americans Wow with the Anglos really
that guy philip k dick you know his name
yeah he really is he's really he's
really super cool like in terms of the
sci-fi stuff and I'm yeah you know what
else is he written I've seen there was
another movie that I saw of his like
within the last two years right could
you could you bring up his books cuz I
would know what are the movies that they
do or did they do they adapt of his
movies what do we got here
so this Scanner Darkly
Wow that's right damn he wrote a lot of
shit the adjustment team isn't at a
movie - mmm Bureau okay interesting
yeah the art direction is really cool
the idea of not so fine American you
know what's interesting too is you can
still do that in a movie where you can
still play Nazis as long as they're you
know the bad people and some historical
thing or some something that's going on
now that's really the only way you could
portray Nazis like you're not allowed to
being Nazi for Halloween
sorry yeah right you can't like people
have said like people have tried it and
you call out for it like there's rules
now you can't be you can be a nice agent
on that show what are you what did your
kids go for Halloween today do they do
that or they be my maids it was very
adorable there were mermaids but when
you're if you're dressed up for
Halloween you could be so many terrible
things right you could be vampires and
werewolves and demons and never it's a
very cool cool dictator I went as a
plastic straw Genghis Khan Genghis Khan
can't be Hitler you could be Saddam
Hussein and people will laugh yes Saddam
Hussein we got him we got that guy but
if he dresses Mengele you've ruined the
party if you dress as Osama bin Laden
that might get your ass kicked you might
get your ass kicked right for that one
all right that was too soon but if you
dress like you could probably dress like
the President of Iran
what's that dude's name that dude that
came over here and said a bunch of crazy
shit people Abu Shah Baba I'm talking
about what why let's just talk about it
for a second I remember when people were
offended that there was a Anne Frank
Halloween costume mm-hmm
now if the point of talking about the
Holocaust or something like that is
never forget and a fourteen-year-old in
a non mocking way wants to embody Anne
Frank why is that offensive I don't
understand that but they're never gonna
do it non mocking every time you're
making a hallway and costume you're
almost always trying to be silly right
Halloween accost but I don't know it all
depends on to me your intentions a
hundred percent you should be able to
wear whatever the fuck you want no
Brenda stood when that Prince Harry got
all this shit for dressing Lincoln Nazi
it's like I don't know maybe when did
you dress like a Nazi he just for it was
a costume party
yeah and all the World War two veterans
like what you know what would you do why
would you do that you know cuz it
doesn't mean he's horrifying it does it
I guess if he's the prince right but you
could be a Mongol you could be one of
the Mongol horde tour through Europe but
he's also a symbol unto itself he's
assembled
royalty and all this because it's
hundreds of thousands of years later
okay but he grew up all right he got out
of it
that motherfucker's living under a
microscope though I mean what would he
can get away with but pretty much no one
can get away with being a Nazi anymore
there was a guy from like North Carolina
or something like that
recently him and his son were Nazis for
probably one person that can get away
with it and I can't say too much this we
haven't released it yet but okay Gilbert
Godfried you know I know if you're a Jew
you can get away with it yeah no you can
yeah everybody zips you know well then -
yes all right go ahead yeah you're right
I mean remember when she did that she
dressed as a Nazi yeah I always think
that stuff's funny
when I was a 13 year old kid in Hebrew
school or grade school learning about
the First Amendment this is one of the
reasons I became a comedian was because
I used to just draw swastika on my
notebooks just cuz just cuz I knew they
would teach us about dictatorships that
I would go wow so in any other country
they can't do this and I would just do
it make myself smile and then cross it
out and I go in any other country I'd
get my tongue cut out I go that's the
beautiful thing is that you can say
fucked up terrible you can dress like an
asshole like bad taste is not a crime
right yeah and that was what one of the
you remember the Yale uprising a couple
years back there was a guy nicholas
greek name and his wife they were at
yale and the wife sent out an email
saying that we need to stop policing
people's costumes Halloween costume
right she got fired yeah and you can
have politically incorrect Halloween
costume like you should relax and people
started freaking out they cornered him
in the in the square right we're
screaming that's right Nick here it is
Chris Christakis Christakis I don't know
fuck I was so Nicholas Christakis so
he's a Greek American sociologist and
physician and he was teaching at Yale
and these kids were they confronted him
and they were screaming at him like this
is our safe place you fucking ruined our
plate
it was so bizarre and strange and
hostile and he was just trapped out
there with these nonsensical kids
screaming at him that like he's racist
and this whole thing is racist and he
shouldn't be able to wear whatever
costume you want like what no one even
specified like what we're talking about
it was it was ethnic costumes that
that's supposed to appropriate another
culture yeah even even though like you
know it's it's just for the party I
gotta man people are just looking for a
reason to be upset it doesn't have to
make any sense but but the whole idea of
like this one thing ding ding ding this
woke thing like my niece and my niece
and nephew were going to call you know
they're gonna get ready to go to college
and I'm like oh god this is gonna be so
difficult you know cuz they're gonna
come out of this machine you know pretty
much looking at me as like you know
pretty much I'm already not that
relevant but like just like all of my
references to stuff like that just gonna
be so you know inappropriate you know
right right and it's like when you go to
college you're supposed to go to the
open your mind not to really focus your
opinion that you already have so that's
what I felt was like I felt like
everybody's like I don't want to play
college show and we're all dreading like
the day when we have to play a show like
that where you know everybody there has
that groupthink you know you have to
adapt and you do a dance I know you know
I'm yourself enough crying to have iTap
fine but I'm just saying like playing a
college and now you probably could do it
but I don't think I could of course you
could yeah you adapt in terms of doing a
set you can do you hate yourself that
right home you won't want to do that
yeah just be able to do whatever you
want to do and it would make you want it
to it's also you're not wanna go push it
you're not offensive or mean yeah you're
not a bad person so whatever they don't
take that into account it's the words
coming out of your mouth they take them
literally that's why we're in this state
that we are in exactly yeah they don't
see the irony or the sarcasm in it that
the sense of humor in this country has
never been lower and I can say that as
like what Jeff's talking about like when
we're little kids like Blazing Saddles
and Young Frankenstein
these movies that like everybody was
watching them enjoying them and some
like that now they have all these hidden
meanings and people look into that and
I'm like you know it was like just a fun
time you know it's just like a fun
experience you know it was it wasn't
like that was like the
and played for how to live you know I
think you can bounce back but I think
what's happened now is there's a certain
number of people that want to be able to
change the way other people talk and
what they talk about because they're
ultra sensitive so they have this giant
reaction to things that may or may not
be relevant and it's a debate whether or
not it's relevant right and things we've
changed right like certain words that
used to be able to say easily just a few
years ago way hard to get away with
saying now because the culture is
shifting in a way that's becoming more
sensitive so probably that's good as
long as they understand context and
intent see context intensifies Val Mel
Brooks because he used the N word fifth
course sometimes in a move of course not
of course not it's a different time when
my uncle Murray said you know I brought
off when I brought a a Chinese
girlfriend home to my pop Jack and he's
like East is East and West is West and
never the two shall meet we didn't kick
my grandfather out of the family we just
said in Carolina Congress listen I grew
up like we were watching weed that guy
grew up in World War two of course I
mean that this no one could ever there's
no way we're gonna understand that right
the difference in the way people saw the
world that had to deal with an actual
World War two this soft pampered ass
life we're living I don't condone racism
but I understand why people hold grudges
right oh yeah if you went over to
Vietnam and lost half your fucking
friends and you came back over here and
your fucked up still because of it like
I don't condone racism but I think that
anytime you're forcing into a situation
where your country is at war with
another side it's probably really hard
for people to forgive people you know I
mean how hard is it that was one of the
things that someone said about the
Japanese and not really too thrilled
with Americans and I said well how how
do you think you'd feel if you were
showing up forty years after someone had
literally nuked your country who twice
just annihilated hundreds of thousands
of people with one bomb I mean made
shadows on the concrete of where
someone's body used to be just vaporize
them women children babies grandma
grandpa everybody gets it boom I mean
who the fuck is gonna be nice after that
takes a long time to forget that shit
right
who's that baseball the Japanese
baseball guy sorry oh yeah they got to
negotiate that into the contract and you
got to give me a little extra for you
know hiroshima reparations
well things they did it twice America
doesn't give itself enough shit for
having the internment camps here I've
been on one of those there's one up on
Washington State on Bainbridge Island
right there's one on Bainbridge Island
real yeah Bainbridge is beautiful we had
an internment camp there it is Jesus you
know we're not all when we got into that
war late man we don't give ourselves
enough shit for that either hmm yeah
this is what's in um the the guy from
Star Trek yeah isn't wasn't he yes his
name the George Takei George Takei
George he lived in a Japanese internment
when he was a little kid and FDR was
president for four terms isn't it crazy
was he really yeah president for four
term he died in a year into his fourth
term how can you sure about that was it
for three but it definitely was military
and then he got elected and they stopped
after that they were like it can only be
two right but I bet you that I'm gonna
you know that's amazing if you had a
great president though right keep doing
this job did that awesome CEO of Google
kick an ass now step down bro yeah only
two eight years right it's like the only
gig or when you're really it has so much
power
we're like this isn't it you just can't
keep running this you got to give up the
reins well like everybody has to give up
the reins we never let the best person
run it forever
you would think once Clinton got a head
of steam under him you know just feed
his carnal desires and just like
quarterback you know you're only gonna
have a few good years seasons right but
how many years do you think the public
would have kept him in like see if you
had to get like Barack Obama how many
years if they just let him go yeah till
he doesn't want to do it anymore until
we don't want him to do it anymore
how many years you think you keep doing
it man you might be able to do it for
five terms easily more easily especially
if it showed that his policies were
working because you know his policies
economic
policies they take years in order to see
real world benefits look if you take the
actual campaigning out of it
you know they're really only president
for two years because it's like they're
campaigning on the way in and then
they're campaigning on the way out and
it's like you know that's for all of our
government and like now we're all like I
guess victims of that so it's sad but
Kalin was trying to explain it the other
day about the amount of time that a
congressman or senator or any politician
spends raising money versus the amount
of time that they spend actually doing
their job it's not even close and it's
so humbling that their job is awesome
we see them on c-span banging a gavel
and making a point and handing out of
metal to the soldier and then you go see
an actual political fundraiser boring
it's like cory booker standing on a
basement floor and Cantor's on a Sunday
morning and fun yeah there's no glamour
to it at all it's worst gig ever if I
took you to a if we the three of us had
to show up where politicians have to
show up to raise money you'd be
screaming at your agent going are you
fucking kidding me with this microphone
and there's no there's no lights and no
one could hear me and I'm fucking
talking to a wall right there's no food
storm
it's like the worst that is so you know
why anybody would do this freaking job
of China I'm gonna try to help people
fuck you we're gonna expose you we're
gonna beat you up we're gonna go at all
your business you know what Trump was
the only one that did it with a built-in
giant audience right from the jump like
right from the jump he had a giant
audience and we're going crazy tours
yeah on our dime if Hillary or not right
now Real Housewives instead of the
Senate she would have been president she
just did you imagine Hillary around the
house for just being a lady instead of
being a politician that's true she
probably would have in in some ways
right she was almost like hindered by
the fact that she was Bill Clinton's
wife if she was just a senator by
herself with a lawyer who became a
senator she probably
have way more of a shot of winning same
person right people always say you know
what did bill what did Trump do for the
working man he entertained them like
that show is great
people love that show it's true even now
don't you click on the on the stories
first well you don't go to you know
you're not reading about the the
genocide in Rwanda you're reading the
Trump like accidentally spilled
something wrong right top news story
that's all right yeah well this lately
there's all these new charges being
brought up that I'd you know didn't know
about and new people are getting
arraigned and it's a crazy let's like
watch separately a very short attention
span in this country and like we expect
results you know and that's why in the
news cycle the way it is now it's like
you know have you ever been in a hotel
where you'll watch like for some reason
you caught in like the three or four
hour news cycle where you see the same
story whatever and then it's like one
more detail and then they like start it
up again and you're like wow you know
anyway I'm gonna get a phone call cuz
now I could be a panelist I know
everything you know like we figured it
out he was wearing shoes but I used to
watch TV news shows though you know yeah
yeah Dave knows every show I love I love
I like the I like watching the whole day
like cycle you know like I just think
it's especially what is something like
an event that's happening and you get to
see you know them figuring it out
because they can't wait for to know this
whole story now because he has to be
immediate so you get you get to see them
like started you know and it's like it's
really it's like going to journalism
school almost you know you're like okay
something bad happened here and then
like they're working on their bits yeah
exactly
they have to introduce them like right
we're breaking news breaking news we've
been told they don't know exactly what
the fuck's going on that's definitely
like you know my mom you know we have
she has some memory issues and stuff
like that but like waiting until 6
o'clock to find out what happened in the
world you know like that's those days
are over can you imagine if we did that
like that's a new rule you know those
days are over
like I remember when the lecture go
through the whole day
you know right how did we get I remember
when the Challenger blew up what they
used to do back in the day they would
interrupt yes and that was exciting yes
big we have some terrible news in the
world of entertainment we have to pause
the game just to Howard I was sitting on
the bed with my dad watching Monday
Night Football and Cosell just changes
mood all of us all right the music
Beatles legend John Lennon and I thought
he said John Jack Lemmon
you know John Lennon was assassinated
outside his apartment and that's like
yeah you remember broadcasting Howard
Cosell announcing something or when the
moon launch took off there's no moment
now where you're like remember a certain
remember certain broadcaster announcing
a certain thing no no you hear one
version of it but then you hear so many
versions of it you forgot which one you
heard first like I remember when I saw
you know well yeah yeah when I saw the
first time I saw it on television I
didn't know I don't know who said it I
don't know who was giving the the
newscast it didn't doesn't even register
just have to they just have to be
believable that was yeah that was
definitely a local news moment cuz I was
in New York and my mom goes turn on the
TV and then we could see the coverage
right there so I was like that was
before the web where you could go like
okay I'm gonna get deeper into this it
was like waiting on the next bit of
information so I was I was laying in bed
in New York and I found out from the
great newscaster Ralphie May who was
screaming as I was flying out of New
York that day and and he had just he was
in LA and he's just trying to he's like
turn on an T it was just him yelling to
my answer machine is like wow entered my
dream I kind of heard sirens in the back
of my dream because they're all the
ambulances are running down Broadway and
I turned it on just to see the second
tower fall down and but Ralphie he was
my Walter Cronkite miss that guy we lost
a lot of good ones this year
Shawn rouse yes do you know Joe is like
great opener of mine he
man great guy I always saw him in weird
places with Dave like guys were pals
yeah he was really good and you know at
right out of Texas and he was such a
good guy he was out of that huge
scenario yeah Houston he was such a mr.
it was a lot of that old laptop in River
Oaks yeah there was a lot of great
comics those local guys they had quality
local comics like you would you would do
a set there and the guys would open for
you you'd be like holy shit you guys are
funny and and you remember like the
whole myth of the Texas outlaws like I
used to eat that up I was like tell me
another story I want to hear another
story that was Hicks and Kinnison really
an elbow and and a jimmy putt pineapple
pineapple I worked with Jimmy pineapple
first time I ever did that Club there
great guy funny dude - yeah those guys
like you know Jefferson Jimmy Jeff I
never thought can be pineapple I don't
think I even heard of him - funny - he
was one of the outlaws of early outlaws
with a Schubert when Schubert used to go
on the road with him - you know Marin
Marin was one of the guys that was with
him in town I didn't know that how did
you become one of the Texas comedy
outlaws it was like a grill like these
wild comics down and now they're looking
guy glorious must bring its own
microphone funny dude though I don't
want to put any new stuff out they're
gonna watch good guy though - I've
worked with them was really nice James
sign up that was when Wright worked that
Club I love that Club it was right I was
one of the greatest rooms of all time
man I did my Warner Brothers CD there in
1999 Wow
yeah that fucking Club was so hot it was
packed tight ceiling wild motherfuckers
Texas people wild Texas Pete I like just
chaos drinking good times fun nice
people that are smart but they're also
liked to get fucked up Absalon you in
Texas this weekend I I don't know where
I am yet you don't know where you know
I'm waiting here on my schedule
exactly yeah it's buffering but I
actually took Dave to a phone store yeah
you know we were preparing for the
tapings and he never text me back and
I'm like
we're walking by this and I'm like just
come in and look and he literally looks
at the iPhone like it's the enemy of the
people
it was sustained I have an iPhone also I
got the guy goes you could do anything
on this you could text you can make a
point you could do anything you could
regulation to record your shows and Dave
goes should we really play God I had a
couple of good lines but I don't go past
an iPhone to I feel like you know that's
pushing it because now it's like up to
ten right you have an iPhone to like
yeah how many are like how many iPhones
contains me Jaime bursts
how many iPhones how many Rocky movies
are there it was on me great shades
Rocky's cuz now we have dosed Creed's
CDs act now I guess it is cuz it's
working off of the actual narrative of
Rocky dear Michael B Jordan is talking
about boxing Roy Jones jr. yeah oh god I
hope it's a joke just straight-up boxing
out one more time listen don't do that
Michael just don't do that I'm sure he's
a great athlete he's a beautiful kid
he's got a great body looks like he
knows how to box when he throws punches
it looks like he really actually knows
how to box I'm sure he's a really good
athlete he was built like a brick
shithouse right boxing Roy Jones jr.
preposterous I don't know how to get hit
the upside you never work again or you
become a box you hang in there with them
and you look like a hero
I mean you clip them and hurt them I
mean it is it is a humanly possible
thing like when two people are throwing
punches at each other that one of them
could hit the other guy but silencer the
downside is just ruined Roy Jones Jr's
one of the greatest boxers of all time
and still to this day knows how to box
it's not like he forgot how old is it
he's pushing 50 49 yeah he's pushing 50
if you think you think somebody whose
idea was it I think he was just talking
shit he was just probably being asked
like who would you like to box who's
your hero how many rounds though to that
the quarter now what
like that he said he would yes um who
would you want to fight today and he
said Roy Jones he would probably beat me
in his prime but I'd probably fight him
today's probably just like oh that isn't
outrageous thing to say just an asshole
thing to say is George Foreman listen he
probably would kill you in his prime
when the idea that he would just beat
you
I mean Roy Jones jr. when he was in his
prime you were just waiting to see he
was in a NAS song
they said Roy Jones is in the new mike
tyson's Roy Jones it's in this is like
in the 1990s people forgot how good Roy
Jones jr. was he was putting his hands
behind his back and then knocking people
out he was doing ridiculous she knocked
out light heavyweight champion Virgil
Hill with a body shot during hear it so
he so we can hear the context okay
listen do it after all your training for
the Creed movies it you can hold your
own in a fight I mean I did my thing a
little bit you know something working
out with Rocky we're going out with like
you know Sam Apollo Creed I'm going one
thing absolutely so who all time would
you want to step into the ring with
whether it's a boxer wrestler anybody by
Lori Jones bro boy john-boy join that's
my dude do y'all drop like I do my thing
a little bit yeah well my thing right
now is prom now hip-hop not in my cell
but like right now I could do one thing
why he was a Joe were you funnier than
George Carlin in his prime now since he
did I know you've had a few drinks from
the rest some questions John Jr what he
said he was training with rocky that was
the best part know their names the black
eyed the black guy blacc panther2 he's
awesome plays a good superhero he's a
great ad guy I love his movies he was a
good bad guy in that movie but you know
I it's like you just shouldn't answer
that just made a mistake you know young
cocky full life everything's going well
you know and again built like a goddamn
superhero yeah thinks he could box the
world there's just a different thing
that's gonna be happening if you're
standing in front of Roy Jones jr. it's
a different thing
he's got a computer that's many many
times you bring ROI more robust than
yours when it comes to box just taking
the punishment it's not like you know
it's like okay that's enough it gives
you a concussion and you never ask
that's the upside for you by the way a
50 year old boxer looks at this actor
pretty boy and it's like when they bet
then when they brought um
what's-his-name out of the box and pulp
fiction yeah I mean he's jacked though
look at them twos Bilger seriously
bollocks but see the thing is like
there's such a giant difference between
learning how to box and being a good
athlete like he clearly is and being Roy
Jones jr. the the the gap is so wide
it's so it's like if I did a movie about
playing basketball and then I wanted to
you know play a one-on-one versus Kobe
Bryant you know I've been playing this
movie for a couple years now I'm feeling
good even though I never did any
competitive basketball player you were
in the white shadows like he got beat up
well that was in the movie I'm sure he
knows how to throw his hands I'm sure he
does he looks good in the movies he
looks like he really knows what he's
doing but Roy Jones jr. is one of the
greatest of all time he was a phenom he
knows how to box in a way that you're
never gonna understand so how long has
he been since he boxed ten years
I mean Roy Jones had a fight within the
last two years well I think his last
fight was I want to say it was to less
than two years ago I think he retired he
had a bunch of fights over in Russia he
actually became a Russian citizen is
that it this year Jesus Christ play some
of it play he's not just challenging a
retired boxer dude challenging a box
he's fucking Roy Jones jr. all right
just just this is a different thing it's
one thing if you're like a top level pro
right now while you feel like you would
have got knocked out by Roy in his prime
but you can give them a go right now
okay that I that is that's believable
you're a professional boxer you've been
honing your craft in the gym for years
and years you've been sparring and work
with high-level coach it's look at it
he's still roid Jones jr. still Roy
Jones jr. even though
forty it doesn't matter he's boxing one
can either once a boxer but Roy Jones is
in a boxing match here and he's looking
good I mean he's obviously not fighting
a guy who's the best in the world up
here Roy Jones jr. do you call your
agent right now serious what's the money
he's already been doing all these
interviews he's like I don't want to get
out of bed early in the morning but if
you know if he wants to really do this
we could do this would be a wonderful
opportunity to show people with boxing
is all let me see what he said I would
love to see that here let's hear what
Roy says of course I saw the video
first thing is you know I never ducked a
fight in my life nothing right never
came to come down here so ain't nobody
if michael people's real contact were
jones me
and we don't make happen yes it you got
my number he can contact you and get my
number system from TMZ listen baby right
now he said in the video he said I think
he would probably have killed me back in
his prime that's true do you ask what
many can't beat you now even though you
are 49 money I know you can't beat me
steel because I mean I know he's
probably in better condition because
he's younger and though you could
probably think even go along go ahead
probably things he may be a bit even not
working now but I'm a bit old that's
right if old school been ain't going out
like that to have the heart come with me
I love you hear me so I open unstable
box me so I'm not this just change my
right away because then you don't get
the experience for box I'm a
professional like I am and I know he's
big and strong cuz you got strong for
the movie yeah I should be able to pull
all that taking the deep once we
understand what a boxing match really
yeah now you don't know what does oh I
got no no no no
i'ma need five six rounds at so I want
you to see how I really feel so that's
why I'm talking like that not because I
think he can really match my skill I
really don't even that for the net and
how long would you need Roy to get right
to where you could step in there like
what's the soon as we could make this
fight happy
I probably for him about four or five
weeks to time it's on Michael please
listen to me
don't do this someone call StubHub just
don't do this this is not gonna work out
well especially if you're but I would
assume both of them are not gonna be
drug tested I don't think either one of
them wants to pee in a bucket and if
they they just let Roy Roy go to dr.
feelgood yeah pop them up with hormones
this is gonna be a rout this would be
terrifying imagine this is a new getting
that call from his agent hey we have an
offer for you to do this like new
superhero movie it's gonna be amazing
Michael's like I'm booked that whole
five weeks I got a train for Roy Jones
jr. like don't do it but this is a new
this is a new genre of TV show of the
real guy versus the guy played in the
movie well I want to see doctors against
guys who played a doctor once the
astronauts against guys who would
feature an astronaut I want to see it
all versus chicken I want to see isn't
that what Mark Wahlberg said if he was
on the plane will ya down Spy vs city
did he really say that though that's
what everybody says I'm sayin I never
heard him say that it's funny to think
it's a crazy thing to think you know who
knows what the fuck you would do if you
thought that you were just gonna land
somewhere you know that's the idea that
you knew what was gonna happen before it
happened nobody knows well while that
shit's going down somes got box cutters
they're holding a waitress there holding
a stewardess by the neck like you know
oh you don't know what the fuck's
happening you have no idea what's going
you're afraid to move yeah and you know
I'm sure that a lot of people would step
up but you you know it could potentially
cost that person in their life and then
when the plane lands that person's dead
when they maybe if you don't know right
you don't know the actual scenario now
obviously we know was a horrible thing
and you should do whatever you can to
stop them because they're gonna kill
everybody no matter what but back then
you didn't know I mean if someone just
took the plane and landed it stewardess
you didn't know that's right he would be
like glad I didn't do anything you
jumped up and he cut her face off yeah
you know it's like in in those moments
when you don't know what's gonna happen
said if I was on that plane
okay if with my kids the winner went
down like it did there would have been a
lot of blood in that first class cabin
than me saying okay we're gonna land
somewhere safely don't worry
hmm that see I I see where he's coming
from right he's got a he's got kids that
he loves he's got a family that he loves
he wouldn't have sent still that's what
he's saying yeah that's what he's saying
and in his mind he probably has that
conviction even if it meant killing
everybody's life would you you know
would it work if it didn't work like
what do they have do you know what they
have they don't know you know they have
a box cutter do they have anything else
how many of them are there you don't
know like yeah is anybody gonna back you
up does anybody else know how to fight
you know you could get fucked up you
could you could step up thinking you're
Billy badass and this guy is some
trained actress yeah who smashes your
face in and and cuts you up with a box
cutter that could happen to still pulls
his belt off and blow the plane up you
could who the fuck knows Matt that's why
there's professionals right that's where
there's professional those air marshals
that can assess a situation and figure
out and obviously you know they weren't
either they weren't there on that plane
or they couldn't help thinking about if
I was in that position I'd you know how
could you I mean who the fuck knows what
you would do well since I look like I'm
on the other team I would have said my
friend I'm like I'm part of the team
Dave do your fine fuck man yeah you be
you know have you ever been so scared
that you're frozen instant for a second
oh yeah yeah you you can't know what the
right thing to do is and the wrong thing
could be so catastrophic right as far as
to say like that he's making
announcements on the plane yeah
when this is all happening like we're
landing say like he's now the pilot in
the right that's true yeah movie you get
to grab the intercom at the end and go
thanks for flying so and so air
sometimes you say things like that
because that's how you feel and you
don't
about how other people are gonna
perceive it that's what I would assume
that statement is it's guys how he felt
like fuck that I'm landing this fucking
plane
I'm confident fucking terrorists Yeah
right that's what he told us kids one
night the problem is you're saying that
to billions of people and billions of
people hear that and they go what and
then all these people get to assess your
your statement whether or not hasn't he
makes any sense like what are you gonna
do you can kick everybody's ass okay
sure I know a lot of dudes who if they
were there and you tried to do that
you'd get smashed right like there's
scary people in this world there's some
weapons on them oh no and I would assume
if you're ready to die like that you
have a very strange kind of conviction
too if you know you're ready to die and
you know how to fight like Wolfe Jesus I
don't mean who knows but it's like just
the idea that you would have to think
about it that's what's really terrifying
what do you mean the idea that you would
have to think like what do I do
if something is someone does hijack them
don't you all think that yeah every
every situation now there's that what we
do do what happens yeah what do you do I
mean so you hear people run and they
survive and you people run and get shot
down and they go to the wrong way
anytime a tragedy like that happens like
what the fuck no horrific random set of
sequences and you're in the wrong spot
you do the right bro ik how about how
many people must do the heroic thing and
then they die anyway you never know
about it all for sure I wonder what
uncle Steve did in that situation yeah
it seems like those fucking things are
happening more and more lately all the
time Fitz is the rate more accelerated
now then it's ever been before as well
as the numbers of these like shootings
and shit it's like what is happening
what the fuck is going on that this
keeps happening if they happen like
every couple of days there's like a
little one like a two or three people
one right just like not that big a deal
anymore well that's what it was when it
was about knives and swords people would
go on a killing spree yeah but now it's
you kill more people
and you you know not everybody would die
with a knife London has a bunch of knife
attacks London has so many knife attacks
that they're there their murder rate
exceeded new york city's murder rate
with just knives Wow Google that make
sure that's true the machete attack the
fucking president or the the mayor of
the president the Mayor of London was
saying something that they won't
tolerate knives anymore can't have
knives sounds sounds better
I know but everybody's like why in New
York you know it knives you have a guy
who's off his meds and he's just like
walking around with a hammer you know so
it could happen it doesn't really matter
what the weapon is okay London has
overtaken New York for murders for the
first time in modern history after a
surge of knife crimes across the capital
verdict though selective use of
statistics from the start of 2018
appeared to bear this out but the
reality is that New York still appears
to be more violent than London yes right
now man New York's on fire it's great
you love it it's great I haven't been
there as much late in the last few weeks
but when I'm there and all summer I was
there though you're a freedom guy yeah I
love the way you live in your life you
just fly here you fly there have you
been to his houses have you been seven
I've seen photos of the pool the LA one
is awesome the New York one is like I
don't know don't he you can tell like he
doesn't live there you know it's like a
crash pad but it's a it's a nice place
I'm not saying it isn't but it's an
old-school New York building with the
elevator what the guy has to use yeah
you know the elevator I don't fancy
snobby Fifth Avenue co-op but like you
know I had to go through a co-op
interview Buddy Hackett wrote my
recommendation that's New York it's all
rules so many permits I'm you know oh
God LA it's tricky
there's shootings there's fires that's
why that Caravan turned back does that
one do you see the photos of people like
running towards the border and
gas coming at them and though the whole
idea is like knowing this is a big group
of people headed towards the border like
what is this like what's going on here
what's anybody fleeing they're terrified
imagine what they are leaving to come to
that oh for sure
ya know imagine what's at home but it's
playing on doors that it's all like this
planned out event like everybody's
watching the ride my gracious Lord the
Bulls this ever happened before yeah
there was something that someone posted
about Obama in 2013 the deal during the
Obama administration wasn't like Obama
was Hawking tear gas over the fence but
somebody during that administration
appeared to have used tear grass tear
gas on an illegal immigrant as well but
it wasn't I don't think it was this kind
of thing this this kind of thing seems
like the Cuban boatlift like that's what
I felt like about it's like they're
fleeing you know like a despot or you
know yeah it's political and economic
it's everything I mean we they want to
come to the promised land like all of
our ancestors did that's why we're here
but then we got to a point like yeah I
don't think it's just about just about
they want to come here it's about what's
at home that they got to get away yes
yes and now with the internet and
information they go wow maybe we don't
have to be in this gang sure maybe I can
get my kid out when he's three instead
of watching a guy at 15 yeah and have
opportunity I mean that's what everybody
wanted to came here in the first place
it's just at this point if you're a poor
person from Guatemala I mean how hard is
it to emigrate to America if you don't
have any skills you have a very short
education it's got to be really fucking
hard to become a u.s. citizen probably
super difficult you got to be super
brave I would go in another language -
really yeah figure out how to get
through all the other countries and into
America you don't have to learn it but
it certainly helps if you want to thrive
I would go to Costa Rica
have you been down there love it yeah
like everybody I know who's been there
they're like this is the place like I'm
gonna move here after I retire so you
know that might be like a good second
place you know guy offered me weed girls
and coke in front of my daughter while I
was holding her hand
and surf lessons everybody there's a
professional surfer girl I'm like yo bro
I'm holding a five-year-old hand
this is outrage she's like Congress rule
discount I'm like what dude is offer me
coke hanging like right there what you
need to monkeys are everywhere man
there you go monkeys fucking they eat
Oreos they open them up and chew the
white part first
yeah they eat so many Wow if they know
how to pop them up and they chew that
white shit Wow like ya know yeah we were
concerned we were like should we really
give the monkey a cookie I mean cookies
are toxic it's all sugar
we gave the monkey the monkey took that
thing pop the time probably lives on a
steady diet of Oreos because Oreos are
in the minibar the hotel and the monkeys
right there Oreo man I want to see they
have no fear of people just know they
have a little bit of fear a little bit
of apprehension
there's definitely size you up because
I'm sure they run into dickhead humans
and they're fucking dangerous man I mean
if they decide to fuck you up
they they can hurt you they can claw
your face apart thank you yeah they can
really do damage if they especially
decided to act as a group but they just
seem to be a kind of monkey suing at me
once on a TV set and I'll never I'm
never gonna hear another one sweetie
your face yeah just I don't know if I
was holding his hand we were entering it
like we were entering I was hosting the
gong show pilot a million years ago and
I was entering with a fucking chimp pole
in his hand we were an awesome champ
matching tuxedos and I got along with
them all day rehearsals and then
whatever when that man kicked in and the
lights were in the road and the audience
we cherished yeah hey really I don't
know if he was asking for more money or
like
oh that's makes sense man it probably
hurt his ears probably so confused all
the people there doesn't speak your
language
nobody has any good what I I do like
where I was on another TV show and the
they had the monkey yeah and they go hey
like whatever clarabelle whatever your
name it they're like this is Dave shake
hands and the monkey didn't even stop
hugging that person just let the foot
come up and I shook their foot cuz their
feet are like hands and I was like how
cool is that
I couldn't get over it I was like if you
could shake hands with with your feet
like wouldn't you do it all the time
it's like oh hey what's up okay so I can
keep doing my other stuff yeah like not
a bumpy yeah I was like that's really
cool I just shook feed him they're
versatile yeah alright maybe it's not
that great a story but I still think
that's a good monkey story that's a win
for both I like communication but then
you know parrots of course we could talk
about it all night
people keep parrots as pets and then
they die cuz parrots live to be like
nine yes we do so you get some old
lady's parrot that still got sixty years
left in it always want attention there
we really yeah they want to sit right on
your shoulder or hidden in your hand
they want you to open up the cage talk
to them they want to be around you all
the time
parrots are smart man they do not like
to get just left alone if you think
you're gonna be some asshole as a cute
bird sitting in the cage the middle of
your living room oh that's my paradigm
interesting know that parrot needs you
hey hey that's right they want attention
like come on motherfucker I don't want
to just sit in this cage let me out let
me out let's walk around I'm just
setting your shoulder but I don't know
TV come on I'm fucking bored this
parrots are smart man the reason why
they'd be I mean you're not smart didn't
know they live that long they live all
long this time a long race yeah they
smarter or
more than owls Davis right
I'm always insert to the next aisle joke
that's over I'm my big thing well we
know that Ravens are really smart
there's a super smart they saw puzzles
and shit like scientists have set up all
these puzzles or our Ravens with I'll
tell ya they'll take a stick and then
use the stick to get a longer stick and
use that stick to get the get the food
out like multi-step like problem solving
Ravens can do weird shit but uh and we
know that you know but a bunch of other
different birds are pretty fucking smart
but I don't know my Hawks my Hawks I've
Hawks in my neighborhood they're smart
who fly right over my house all the time
and they're they're fascinating the
watch they they really like to show off
yeah I would assume that all those
predators have to be smart I mean they
just had they have to be ruthless and
smart you know to get along if you're
out there picking up squirrels and rats
and shit like they're doing did you
firebomb and out of the sky yeah
snatching things up from angles that
only they understand my friend tom was
in his backyard sitting down having a
cup of coffee and he saw the dove land
on top of his fence yeah and then out of
nowhere this hawk just Wow boom he said
it was like a big explosion of feathers
that the hawk just swooped in going like
150 snatched the Dove right off it and
took off the hill and he was just
sitting there with his coffee as him
like what the fuck wow I was like 10
yards from my head I just thought it was
that dove I would have fucking it I
would have landed safely back on your
buddy fuck if I was a dog with kids the
plane well that would make him motivated
he's just you know pretty sad I see yeah
well I'll give him that he probably does
have to fight a little bit too it looks
like he does does in that movie play
Micky Ward looks like he knows how to
box he definitely knows how to throw
punches you know this Michael B Jordan
thing's fascinating to me cuz he'll
listen money on it I hope he does
someone will tell him I'm look I'm sure
he's a smart guy and I'm sure he's a
great athlete and I'm sure he probably
knows how to box
but if you kind of box a guy like Roy
Johnny you know what you do you started
the amateurs and you learn how to box
then you become a professional and then
one day you box Roy Jones like Paul
Newman and the racecars sorta but I'm
not going you're not getting hit see the
the very unique thing about combat
sports is you're getting hit yeah so
it's not like someone's dunking on you
look if you play basketball with Kobe
Bryant you're gonna get lit up you're
gonna look like a fool but you're not
gonna get hit a few boxes Roy Jones jr.
you're gonna get you're gonna get dinged
Michael B Jordan got knocked out during
the Creed filming axed by with an
accidental punch that landed with really
yeah well they're hitting him and he
tried to like turn his head at the last
minute but he didn't turn it quick
enough and he got clipped and dropped
maybe that's why those he can take a
punch now well I mean maybe that's given
him the confidence he did it on purpose
he was I think it just I think you know
the way it was is like you take the
punch then turn your head but it looked
like you took the punch just a little
too hard that's real right but really
real gloves there then I use them are
using boxing gloves oh goodie people I
love those Korean movies and these die
all time so you see something like this
you don't know if it's like some thing
they do for a publicity stunt like watch
this though see that they're practicing
it like this
see right there no see that's real dude
yeah that's real see the way his head
snaps and his eyes go play that again
that's real I know what a real knockout
looks like I've seen a thousand of them
in person that's a real knockout watch
this look at this he fucked up and he's
out yeah he's a cold dude he's out cold
100% watch this he ran right into the
punch his head snapped back his eyes
rolled behind his head and he went
unconscious but that is 100% legit
knockout but that punch was not even a
punch what what he was hit with he'd
never the body behind it he didn't have
any power behind it so he was basically
knocked out just by coincidence
no you know there's definitely power
behind it yes yes that listen you could
KO someone easily just doing that really
that was a perfect punch it was a
perfect punch that landed on
ja as he was moving forward that's the
key the key is that he was turning his
head into it and he didn't think it was
coming and he took it right on the jaw
if you want plate one because I didn't
see this he's there choreographing how
the sequence is gonna go and somewhere
along the line either is a
miscalculation or a mistake was made
totally Jordan what's this what's this
right here see that he fucked up and he
turned his to do it yeah and that guy is
throwing like I mean even though it's
not the most powerful punch in the world
it's faster than I thought and he knows
how to punch okay so his weight is
behind that his shoulders behind that
that's a guy who's punched people in the
face before he knows exactly how to do
it so even though he's only doing it
like this even though he's only doing
that so who'd like run into it and he
catches her in the chin you're going out
of course that's what happened so why
why how did that get leaked she didn't
know if it got leaked or if they put it
out on pi think they put it out to show
they think they probably probably put it
out the showing this is hard training
they're doing for this and you know
there was an accident on the set and he
got knocked out I would be not to what
clip I'd want out there if I was him it
was like that's it very even that was he
was younger than he's bigger and
stronger now he's older his body's more
mature but either way oh what a box Roy
John that's in the first one you gotta
become a career boxer I mean this is
unless he's like so old why you can't
take Joe he's not gonna do it or he
would never have given up his strategy
like that
I need him five six right no no that's
just shit talking anything did that his
whole career exactly how he was gonna
beat guys his whole career joy really
yeah he's still right Jones jr. this is
crazy talk like him saying I played dumb
and be like maybe he's good I'll do it
that's not what he would do he would say
this is how I'm gonna do it and then he
would go out and do it Sam I'm gonna
need you to get tired out and see what
it feels like to be in a real fight you
take a beating yeah man look it's like
when Tom's jr. just gets you into the
third fourth and fifth round you're all
your adrenaline dump is gone because
you're not used to boxing a world-class
boxer in a professional match that's on
pay-per-view that millions of people are
watching you not used to that experience
so that experience is taxing it's
nerve-racking
you're gonna have all this adrenaline
rush through your body even if you're
the the cellist of chill do sure you're
gonna be just a little bit too amped up
so then we're on that second round comes
in you started heaving and you can't
breathe that good and you're just kind
of like Roy's just kind of boxing you
just boxing you it's not hurting you
he's just boxing you occasionally you
could stung a little bit then the third
round moves in and then he starts moving
left and right and coming in stinging
you hard the jab stepping in with a lead
hand uppercut you're like oh fuck yeah
now you're getting teed off on and now
he's talking he's danced and he's moving
around and then he's just starts
throwing bombs on you and you can't
defend him because you're exhausted and
he hooks you to the liver and drops you
he's starting running around trying to
get away free can't get away he's too
good he's been doing it for too long but
Jones said that he says yay poppy could
go long and hard on me because he's all
trained up but do you think he would
come out I'm like Full Tilt in the first
round or two and just like really like
take him to school you know like beat
him down that's a dangerous because when
you get real aggressive is when you get
hit because when you get real aggressive
see if I know you're coming at me you're
running at me you're running at me all I
have to do is figure out how much time
and space I need to get something off as
you're coming at me because I know where
you're going it's dangerous when you
don't know if someone's coming or going
when someone's not you don't know if
they're coming or going that's when the
fight is weird so the beginning of every
fight people are feeling each other out
and they don't realize someone's coming
- going if I know that you're just
running at me and I'm Roy Jones jr. I'm
gonna step back and I'm gonna time it
and I crack you and I'm gonna crack you
in a way that you probably don't see
coming you probably don't see it in the
gym too much I'm just gonna stiff arm
you with a jab pop you in place step to
the left boom he's gonna trust God right
hand on your chin he's gonna fuck you up
and then he's gonna turn around he's
gonna be behind you and he's gonna look
at you to see if you're still okay and
then he's gonna do it again he's gonna
keep doing it if you keep chasing after
him you're gonna still get fucked you
gotta get fucked up trying to get your
face punched in so the only other thing
is to do is like you got a boxing so
okay now you're boxing one of the
greatest boxers of all time and you just
an east you're gonna just figure you're
out like what do you got what do you do
when I do this what happens when I do
this what happens here uh can I have
punched you or I could have and then
he's gonna figure out when to move and
when you're gonna get tired he's gonna
start dropping bombs on you it's gonna
be awful would you
inspected it if he said oh you know I
want to box a few matches first and then
get to write I think he's just talking
shit he's just having a good time he's
probably didn't expect anybody to run
with it he didn't expect people to
analyze it that's the guy who you know
him in that video this guy
he's an actual real officer oh yeah he
knocked out David Haye before his name
is Tony Billy oh dude that's just that
guy's a legit boxer he just got stopped
by that badass Russian motherfucker on
look one TV really recently like his guy
that's he's a top-flight boxer so for
him to knock him out of course it was
just he's so good man
so for him to do it accidentally makes
complete total sense that guy's a beast
man that's like a legit top-flight boxer
so he's in there even just accidentally
getting punched in the face by want to
see the movie I'll tell you that Michael
to recover and get back to training and
and and filming after that it's like you
never in the heavyweight class you never
saw absent old the movies you know it
was always like I know right you know
they were like they were like basically
punching bags you know no no it's like
they have to be said Tyson you saw abs
when he came out of prison remember that
I guess so when you before Peter
McNeeley dude he was prison jacked that
was like maybe the scariest Tyson
everybody system and all you've been
doing in jail is was enough I don't
think he could box in jail so I think he
was just lifting weights remember he was
SuperDuper jacked when he got out of
jail I think he was yeah see go to
Tyson's Pete yeah
that's Tyson versus McNeely that was in
1995 he looks good there terrifying that
was the most terrifying movie Tyson ever
he just looked like he was made out of
steel just think of a man and I'll never
forget the fucking way in or the
staredown rather because during the
staredown Peter McNeeley signed up for
that fight knowing that he's a tough guy
who's gonna take a fucking vicious
beating that's what he signed up for he
knew what he was doing he knew he's
gonna give it his all but he knew it if
you had a bet most people are not
betting on Peter McNeil yeah but you
could see it in Tyson's face when he's
staring him down
there's this crazy but he's following
him everywhere he goes like a frat dude
it's like a predator who can't wait to
get the green light to let the genie out
of the bottle watch this this is Tyson's
first fight like look see Peter McNeeley
kind of looking down and you look over
Tyson look at his eyes oh yeah that is
fucking terrifying
if you're looking at that and he's
smiling and trying to like he's trying
to like make light of it oh my god and
he looks just like a prison guard dude
he is easy oh yeah he does be definitely
done that same hair after the truck
Green Mile hair I sat next to Tyson
after the at the Charlie Sheen roasts
and made a lot of jokes about him and
afterwards dice called me I didn't
really know dice at the time and called
me like a couple weeks later he's like
he's like he's like he's like he's like
basically said that he couldn't believe
I said those things to Mike Tyson like
he was offended now what do you mean
well he's like do you have any idea what
that animal could have done to you would
two feet away that we've been friends
ever since I didn't think about Tyson he
seemed like a pussycat at the time at
the time but if that was Tyson for like
1986 I think if I watched an old fight
yeah by the end of the night I'm
literally like laughing into his lap
well what I loved it yeah yeah he loved
he could take jokes he could take jokes
oh yeah but you wouldn't wanna do that
imagine I said I don't want to piss you
off Mike if you would do that to your
face imagine what you would do to mine
[Laughter]
he's basically the only celebrity to
ever pull off a face mask right off a
stack I don't know who else has done it
what celebrity if you Charles Manson
well those those mumble rapper duties
yeah like postman alone type characters
yeah Takashi's 69 but he was the first
by a long stretch and now you're saying
pulled off as if he pulled that off
still Mike Tyson like good you know me
Gucci Mane oh that's right he had the
ice cream cone was that first though Wow
wow that's a commitment look at that
that really she has that on its face
anymore there's new pictures and I get
that all that'll get you a moved yeah
they can laser that shit off but I
haven't but looks like somebody carved
that into his face it doesn't even look
like a tat well that's cuz it's fresh
because that's like right after it got
made it's still there right let me see
that now my man's got an ice cream cone
face but now it's yogurt it's his second
time is that today though he's got more
cats oh so they're all over the place
that dudes always smiling ever since you
got out of jail he seems like the
happiest guy in the world for real he's
got a beauty good on him so but why is
there ice cream like right there like
does he have a tongue where he's like
hey look I can know because then we'd
only be able to lick the bottom part he
wouldn't even get the real ice cream I
would say the ice cream cone somewhere
else
it's got a lot of tattoos yeah it looks
good though but the pearls take some the
mean out of it but the highest tattoo
you have to your face so it goes up to
my shoulder both arms so you can see all
your tattoos yeah no tattoos Jeff I'm
thinking of getting a tramp stamp Dave
and I are gonna go come on mine says
free Wi-Fi mine's gonna say - legit -
shit I'm going out I'm going with watch
out gerbil ahead sorry
fear has keep on trucking tattoo outside
in Hebrew it's preposterous keep on
truckin yeah yeah he's gonna keep on
truckin Ted
- I'm right about this right I was
looking for well sighs keep on truckin
who used to have it was Tony Danza he
said like keep on truckin people used to
say well I remember I mean I'm sure I
had to keep on truckin patch or t-shirt
or a hat
like what was that what was going on -
keep on truckin hang in there baby
that was one right keep on truckin but
nobody had hang it blue I'm sure people
got hang in there baby tattoos right why
am I saying nobody what do you got
this is bumping my cat shut the fuck up
is that mine yeah you can put it near
your Dave's old porn hat yeah you do
I've given you two of them that show was
fun
that was a good one Joe you really rock
that channel it was fun that was a great
show that should never take it off the
air pumping mics yeah but I hope it's
not a I hope it's not a bad like I give
him always a hat from every show he
always helps me out and it's like I
thought they'd go nowhere the show's
that's not true now this one's listen
this is our moment I don't believe in
that kind of jinxes this is our moment
this is gypsy curse don't you talk about
your last special took a long time they
get together this took took us a lot of
years go not even it was it came
together pretty quick from Montreal to a
year later we shot it but like I feel
like it's also like about our friendship
or whatever you want to call it for 25
years so it kind of puts a puts a nice
button on it it's the first button maybe
what are you doing over there
mixing up I just don't want to leave my
ashes has a lot of weird coffee kind of
straw so you letting me smoke in here
was like thank you I think you've got no
problem glad it works this thing works
great there's any like low spectrum
people watching our show you can watch
watch davids cigarettes you'll learn a
lot of my weird phobias dice was the
reason why I put it in microfiche is he
smoking now he doesn't smoke his master
I haven't I haven't seen
quite a while but last time he did the
podcast was he smoked the last time or a
time before that he takes time off I
think for a while he would just bring
him on smoking he's smoking smoking a
lot I saw him I came on his new podcast
recently and it's I'm over here he made
me he made me pretend he was half an
hour late even though I was 10 minutes
he had a whole bit worked out where I
got to go in the studio and just wait
and talk to myself basically that he has
to come in pretending he's late that was
that was the only direction for an hour
and a half it's so funny man that's he
cracks me up so much my first time so my
second time headlining was opening for
Ray Romano in Poughkeepsie
and dice is at the height of his fame
I'm dressed like I'm like you had to be
to even get work and it's like I'm a
Jersey comic 1990-91 it dices at the at
the hip see Civic Center right next door
to the comedy club and uh and our hotel
we heard dice was staying there people
were pulling the fire alarms it's like
it was like the biggest basil rock star
yeah they're pulling fire alarms try to
get everybody evacuated yes so dice
would come out right
finally our show on his shows on
Saturday Friday night now ray Romano's
headlining epic ipsy whatever close
bananas and just I'm up there I'm doing
my 10 v 12-minute opening and through
the darkness this guy I kind of
recognized from like you know news
articles was a club soda Kenny comes
through the darkness with a note it's
Friday night and the note just says
please welcome the undisputed king of
comedy and so as I read it and a place
on stage he does whatever like a
15-minute guest set the crowd goes crazy
they loved it and then I learned a lot
actually
Ray Romano came up as the headliner who
was not known at all he wasn't on TV yet
and killed Ray's agronomic crops but I
really learned like oh you know what the
audience will follow we'll watch a great
comic no matter what just happened ray
was in his prime back then - I
open up for red Jimmy's comedy alley in
Queens yep and Ray was that was when Ray
was just he had done
HBO he'd done something on HBO but he
was just a machine man people people
didn't realize how means he is break
down those guys that people don't talk
about when they talk about like great
stand-up comics that's right he hasn't
put a lot of stuff out there in a long
time ever since Everybody Loves Raymond
you know a lot of stuff as far as to
stand up he just shot a Netflix special
at the cellar you know so that should be
coming out soon but you're right he
hasn't put out anything until I think
this is like his first real hour so he I
know he was working with Kevin James
they did a bunch of gigs together some
I'm friends with Kevin yeah he goes on
the road but he still murders was my
point that's right he's still Murray
coming he was always so funny and you
could always kind of someone once
described the like you could air drop
him anywhere in his act to kill yeah
like anywhere in America before people
are late able we're all kind of the same
like we all kind of listen to the same
stuff now but he's another guy that
couldn't be a nicer guy one of the 90s
he's always been really cool to me
anyways yeah you know like do the height
of his fame never changed for a second
mm-hmm never mind of weird how the
asshole sort of disappear eventually you
don't even know where they evaporate to
well when I'm still here you know you're
talking about you're a comedian you
almost before you're an American right
that's when and that doesn't mean I
don't love Mike I'm not trying to act
like I'm very horse of course I made
this thing you're so attached to being a
comedian this is my blood right in a way
that well you feel more comfortable with
comics and how devastate it would be if
the other comics didn't want you around
[Laughter]
man without a country that's that's
where it gets fucking dark man right
yeah that's where it so anybody who
falls into that group like you've you've
fucked up like the whole thing is to be
friends with the comedian yeah the hang
is what it's about you know the hang so
how did you feel let me ask you how did
you feel when you were in self you know
you you pulled yourself out of the world
at a comedy store where you started did
you feel like on a desert island by
yourself or did you find community at
the other clubs or
I never found the same thing but I just
kept working and I was working with ari
and Joey and Duncan I still kept working
with those guys so it was like I was
working with most of the same comics and
I was just doing practice sets at the
ice house and at the improv I remember
all that it's just to me it was more it
was you know the hang was not the same
the hang is I would do my sets the end
problem just get the fuck out of there
there's no place to hang out it's not
like the same now you get to do for show
you get to do stand-up on the spot roast
battle main room
o R and whatever you figure out in the
parking lot without everything and then
a podcast in the basement you can take
it literally you can put a gym in there
you'd probably never leave everything in
that place you could do three I've done
three shows no I've done four shows on
the night because one night I did two
sets in the main room one set in the
belly room and one set in the or because
it was to show that's crazy
this motherfucker so many times
everything I ever taped with you on this
show I developed having to try to follow
him Wow like steamrolling like
civilization everything from Harvey
Weinstein to like his own inner fucking
craziness that's that's all in 20
minutes so it's like the crowds you know
like like get spoiled when they see so
many great acts like just come by and
just like for like 10 bucks 20 bucks
whatever they get to see you know Chris
Rock yeah you know you Joe and like just
like people dropping by and working on
stuff they're like is it like this all
time like you don't even get it you just
saw a $500 show for like you know two
drinks you know well I always say that
to the people at the cellar too if
you're a fan of comedy it's in New
Year's right together
I had tribute all this to the thing that
you hate things when the internet did
all this that's true the reason why
everybody's aware of how fun it is to go
to a live comedy show how fun it is to
watch guys like they'll go to see you at
the store and then they'll go see again
six months later oh that fucking comedy
central and HBO and Showtime and Netflix
that's definitely central definitely
made it for sure Comedy Central for sure
all those things definitely a tribute to
it but about evening at The Improv tube
is one of the biggest factors the fact
that people can watch stand-up on
YouTube that's a giant factor the
people that are watching YouTube is off
the charts and the fact they can just
type in right now
Jeff Ross stand-up comedy boom and
instantaneously get it right and a lot
of those clips come from Comedy Central
right and going which Bo and all the
other places which is great it's like
it's all it all contributes not one
thing that did it but I think the one
big important factor was this new
channel of distribution and that's the
internet whether it's Netflix which is
probably one of the biggest thing right
now for stand-up comedy specials ever
right and there's never been a thing
like Netflix well we're dealing with
three episodes it's like exactly who
else would let you do that the pressure
off like one shiny special you know like
you can do be more creative with how you
present your art oh yeah well if you
wanted to do a two-parter next time you
could we're gonna have to narrow it
right re did was right that yeah not the
turrets but one that he's working on
right now but the last one that's right
in the same place yeah yeah that our
he's so good man he's a preview with my
harping on was that like the comedy
special is completely reinvented lately
but do it as a series you could do
whatever you want but as a comedy fan
Netflix is perfect because you know you
don't have to you know you get to
control what you see you know and you
can watch it and stop it and watch it
more and even stop it
I was watching our show when it came out
last night I was just laying in bed
watching our news show cuz I was by my
sisters and like when it gets to the end
of the episodes you gotta know where
that remote is try to get you to binge
come on
our first episode ends with Dave just
looking in the camera I mean like our
next episode starts at five four three I
heard that you got to see the new Mike
judge animated show about country music
called yes stories and was wrote stories
from something that sounds great yeah he
is another guy man that guy is so down
phenomenal my folks even Ella was just
talking about it on his podcast was it
called tales from the tour bus yes from
the tour bus is supposed to be insanely
funny
yes about George Jones and all those
guys but it's all like gunplay and drugs
and chaos country music stuff and then
they animate like the story it's really
cool he really is a talented guy man
funk music race this one ah yes that's
it
there's one elbow ways I thought was all
country guys yeah I thought so too but
there's a different separate season
click on that the Highwaymen click on
Highwaymen oh that's with
Willie Nelson Willie Nelson Mel Oh
Spotify Waylon Jennings Kris
Kristofferson and Johnny Cash that's an
episode damn that's just a song highway
Ben
so that's the song that with the group
the highwayman when y'all got that mega
group yeah but but that's not an episode
of yes it is this is a playlist of songs
here and oh I get it okay this must be a
new season whether it is in the
seventies people do you know that song
highwaymen yeah that's what a starship
across the universe devised and when I
reach the other side that's a creepy
song right it's about yeah a carnation
and dude yeah you never fade away yeah
got the people built built this country
yeah
blood sweating but getting them all
together I wonder what that was like I
know right those those guys we're
singing how's it going how's young
gunner doing you know boys it's already
3:30 oh wow time flies rogon this is
amazing man when everything I do is like
you get two minutes
yeah what a great hangman it's so fun to
be able to express yourself and thank
you
what's so fun to have you guys on I
fucking loved it I wish you were here
more often we could do this anytime you
want to do it dude you you know you're
good to us but you're great to comedy
and honestly I have to tell you you know
you've for the young guys when they
heard that I was gonna be on air they
were like basically creaming because
you're you are the shit you really are
man shit you fuck stop making me feel
bad
now sued you love you the shit you're
helping to come on stage with us
sometime do it pump mics bring your hat
I'll do it somebody Netflix will hook
you up to give you one with Velcro it's
even better I like velcro it's not yeah
the exact right amount of distance you
know you have to rely on those buttons
it's gonna pick up his kids and take
them out for El Qatar I can only imagine
the amount of merch your kids have to
you know come on but on this this shirt
all the birds that people bring in kids
grab your bow and arrow we're going out
all right ladies and gentlemen David
tell you can find on Twitter but it
doesn't use the internet real Jeff Ross
is you on Instagram Bryant yes it is
your David tell on Instagram do you ever
get yeah yeah I'm in there yeah that
iPhone too and a shout out to all the
which we call I did a food drive in
Philly the other day a Preston and Steve
it was awesome I love those guys yeah
they really are cool and this is like
one of the biggest one in the country
was great to be part of it somebody cool
comics there so I would just a thank you
again for having that for showing us how
beautiful human being
Jeffrey Ross beautiful person love you
bud love you guys bye
[Music]